When Peter hears that Doctor Octopus is about to be released from prison, he goes to the warden to petition against his release. The warden tells Spider-Man that Octopus served his time and tells him to get out before he has him arrested. Knowing that Octopus will probably go back to a life of crime, Peter develops a Spider-Tracer device which will allow him to track Octopus wherever he goes. When he tags the car coming to pick up Octopus, Spider-Man is shocked to find Betty Brant driving. He also finds that she dropped a map to Philadelphia from the car when she picked up Octopus.As it turns out, Betty's trouble involves her brother Bennett, who is the lawyer for crime boss Blackie Gaxton. He also owes Gaxton a large gambling debt. In order to clear this debt, Betty has agreed to help Bennett follow through with Gaxton's plan: Use Dr. Octopus to free him from prison.When Peter travels to Philadelphia, he tracks down Betty and tells her how he feels. Meanwhile, Dr. Octopus frees Gaxton, and they take Betty and Bennett as hostages as they escape by boat. Spider-Man arrives to capture both, but during the altercation Spider-Man sprains his ankle and Bennett is shot by a bullet fired by Blackie that was meant for his sister.Betty blames Spider-Man for her brother's death, and Spider-Man battles Dr. Octopus around the ship, but Octopus escapes. The police arrive and arrest Blackie and his gang. Later, having changed back to Peter Parker, he learns from Betty that she hopes to never see Spider-Man again, because she couldn't bear being reminded of her brother's death. This hampers Peter's plans of revealing his secret identity to her.Betty Brant has returned to New York and taken back her secretary job at the Daily Bugle. Dr. Octopus has also returned to New York, plotting to get revenge on Spider-Man, and decides to use Betty as bait. Kidnapping Betty from the Bugle building, he tells Jameson to put a call out to Spider-Man to meet him at a nearby amusement park.With his spider-powers seemingly gone because he's come down with a cold, Peter decides that he has no choice but to save Betty as he is, and so he accepts the challenge. When he tells Jameson (pretending that he just heard it, so his identity isn't compromised), Jameson reports the story himself.When Spider-Man arrives to battle Dr. Octopus, all his powers have completely faded. Naturally, the powerless Spider-Man proves to be no match for Dr. Octopus. Dr. Octopus publicly unmasks Spider-Man. Octopus theorizes that Parker was simply posing as Spider-Man to save his girlfriend, because Spider-Man would put up a better fight. He flees the scene to find some other way to get the "real" Spider-Man's attention.Everyone gives Peter grief for the danger he put himself in; however, Liz Allan finds the whole episode romantic, and her opinion of Peter changes and she realizes that she's attracted to him. The next day, Peter finds that the cold has passed and as a result, his powers are back. When Dr. Octopus releases animals from the zoo, Peter goes into action as Spider-Man. He rounds up all the animals, and gets into a fight with Dr. Octopus across the city.Their fight takes them to an artist's loft, where they inadvertently start a fire; when the flames grow too big, Spider-Man flees and Dr. Octopus is knocked out by inhaling too much smoke. The fire is put out, and Octopus is turned over to the police. Later, Liz Allan asks Peter out on a date. Peter rejects her date, telling her that he's going on a better one with Betty Brant. He tells Liz to go out with Flash Thompson, because they deserve each other.Reports of Spider-Man robbing various establishments at night hit the news, causing Peter to wonder if he's developed multiple personality disorder and go on crime sprees in his sleep as Spider-Man. He decides to see a psychiatrist, however changes his mind about getting help, as Spider-Man believes that it may compromise his secret identity.Later, Peter goes to visit J. Jonah Jameson for a loan, so his Aunt May can make her mortgage payment on time. While there, he snaps at Betty when she asks him why he hasn't taken any pictures recently. Jameson rejects his request and tells him to go out and take more pictures. When Peter tries to find crimes to photograph as Spider-Man, he only succeeds in getting an angry mob after him. Later, at school, Liz Allan tries to impress people with her new hair style, and she snubs Flash Thompson when he comments that her new look is so beautiful that he didn't recognize her.Meanwhile, a new costumed being named Mysterio appears at the Daily Bugle and tells Jameson that he's a crime fighter, and he will bring Spider-Man to justice.  He vanishes in a puff of smoke and leaves a note for Jameson, telling him to publish a challenge to Spider-Man to meet on the Brooklyn Bridge. Peter meet this challenge, but Mysterio, who appears to have magical powers, easily defeats him.The next day Mysterio is heralded as a hero, and later, when he appears at the Daily Bugle for a photo opportunity with Jameson, Peter tags him with a Spider-Tracer.Spider-Man tracks Mysterio to his base, and Mysterio reveals that he is a special effects artist who has decided to turn his skills to crime. He reproduced Spider-Man's abilities artificially, in order to frame him for the crimes. Spider-Man reveals to Mysterio that he recorded the whole confession. A battle ensues, and Spider-Man uses his spider-sense when Mysterio fills the room with smoke.With Mysterio turned over to the police, Jameson realizes that he's been made a fool of, again. However, when he finds that Parker has brought him pictures of Spider-Man's fight with Mysterio, his mood changes. Later, Spider-Man pays another visit to Jameson. He strings Jameson up from his office ceiling and mocks him for once again making a fool out of himself with his anti-Spider-Man press.There's a new costumed villain in town, the Green Goblin. After he's perfected his flying broomstick, he visits the recently released Enforcers and offers them the opportunity to get revenge against Spider-Man. He travels to California to visit B.J. Cosmos, a film director who made it big with his last film "The Nameless Thing From the Black Lagoon in the Murky Swamp." The Goblin offers him his next cinematic spectacular: A movie about Spider-Man.Returning to New York City, the Green Goblin circles around the city until he draws Spider-Man's attention. He makes a film offer to Spider-Man, who agrees to participate. With the announcement that Spider-Man is going to be in a film, J. Jonah Jameson sends Peter to Hollywood to cover the story. This worries Betty Brant, because she believes that Peter might fall for some silver screen starlet while he's in California.Arriving in California, Peter reports to B.J. Cosmos' studio as Spider-Man, and he, the Green Goblin, and what he believes to be actors resembling the Enforcers are taken to New Mexico for a desert fight sequence.The Green Goblin reveals his true motives, and Spider-Man battles him and the Enforcers across the desert. Their fight takes them into a cave, where Spider-Man easily defeats the Enforcers. However, they stumble upon the Hulk's hiding place. Spider-Man is forced to defend himself from the jade giant. He uses the Hulk's strength to his advantage, tricking the Hulk into smashing a boulder blocking the cave exit.Spider-Man fails to prevent the Green Goblin's escape, and hides until the Hulk leaves the area. He leaves the Enforcers to be collected by the police. Returning to Hollywood, Spider-Man finds that B.J. Cosmos has canned the Spider-Man movie idea, in favor of a Hulk movie. When Spider-Man demands payment, Cosmos refuses, citing the contract: Spider-Man would only get paid if the movie was completed. Peter is forced to use the rest of his money to bus back to New York. Meanwhile, somewhere in the city, the Green Goblin resumes his mysterious civilian guise and begins plotting his next scheme against Spider-Man.Spider-Man swings down and catches a group organizing a bank robbery and upon dropping in unexpectedly, a man escapes in a puff of smoke and changes his costume until he can hide. The criminal actually was The Chameleon in disguise and he plots to rid the world of Spider-Man. The Chameleon comes up with the idea of contacting his friend Kraven the Hunter. Parker finds this out firsthand when taking photographs for The Daily Bugle as Kraven arrives by boat. Kraven studies Spider-Man's fighting style by organizing a robbery for Spider-Man to stop. He finally comes out of hiding and fights Spider-Man. Spider-Man realizes the true strength of Kraven and also realizes that Kraven cheats by infecting his opposition with drugs that weaken them. Spider-Man retreats to fight another day. Pete, however, begins to get the shakes so bad that he can't hold a test tube or shoot a web straight. He tracks Kraven's future location by attaching a Spider-Tracer and is led into a nearby forest, where he faces Kraven. After a few tricks and traps, Spider-Man finally catches hold of what appears to be Kraven, but is actually The Chameleon in disguise. After learning this, Spider-Man hunts down and finds the real Kraven, and intimidates and overpowers him with his agility and strength. After fighting, Kraven ends up running into a giant sticky web to be picked up by the police. Kraven and The Chameleon are then deported, with Kraven swearing revenge upon Spider-Man.Peter is given a hard time for not calling Mary Jane Watson and setting up a blind date with her. In order to get some peace and quiet, Pete heads out as Spider-Man. When swinging around, he notices a gang of criminals escaping with bags of money who decide to attack a nearby bystander who might place them at the crime scene. That witness is none other than Matt Murdock (aka Daredevil), but Spider-Man sees a poor blind man in need of help and rounds up the criminals. Foggy Nelson (Murdock's partner) and Karen Page (his secretary) are waiting on Matt in the office and invite him to go to the circus (despite his blindness) to have a good time. At the circus, The Ringmaster and his crew prepare the final touches, falsely claiming that Spider-Man himself will show up for charity, to lure more people into their trap. The show begins and Spider-Man (feeling obligated because it's charity) appears, much to the crowd's delight, and gives off an acrobatic show like no other. The Ringmaster uses his hat to hypnotize not only the audience, but also Spider-Man, so he can rob them. Matt Murdock (not affected by the hypnosis) senses the disturbance and becomes Daredevil to take on the crooks. The Ringmaster uses his hat to get Spider-Man to fight and protect him as he takes on Daredevil himself. After a brief fight, Daredevil grabs the hat with his cane and removes the spell on Spider-Man, then returns to the crowd as Matt Murdock. Spider-Man cleans up the rest of the carnival crooks by riding the Human Bullet and tying up the crooks. After the hypnosis is removed from the crowd, Matt naturally offers his services as a defense attorney to the now arrested Ringmaster.Flash Thompson announces to his classmates that he's forming the Spider-Man Fan Club and everyone (except Peter Parker) is invited. As Peter is walking home, he notices three mysterious figures getting into a helicopter making some sort of getaway. As Spider-Man leaps up into the helicopter, the film's director is furious for him ruining the shot of the movie, and Spider-Man is ridiculed by The Daily Bugle and others for his mistake. While walking Betty Brant home, Liz Allan sees Peter and shows him an ad in the newspaper about the Spider-Man Fan Club and it promises an appearance by Spider-Man himself. Flash figures that if he says it's so, Spider-Man won't disappoint his fans, and Peter realizes he ought to show, but doesn't know how. As the discussion continues, his Spider-Sense goes off from a mysterious figure in a purple hat whom he doesn't recognize. Finally, Spider-Man goes to the fan club meeting and as he swings in, his web line is snapped by an electronic frog. Johnny Storm sees this and realizes that the acrobatic maneuver Spider-Man just did to land to save his life wasn't part of the show. His suspicions are confirmed when Green Goblin enters on his new improved glider. The crowd, thinking it's part of the show goes along with it, cheering Spider-Man in the fight. Realizing it's not an act, Johnny becomes Human Torch and battles Green Goblin. Spider-Man fights alongside Human Torch when he hears someone on the phone say Aunt May has suffered a heart attack. Panicked, Spider-Man flees the scene, leaving Human Torch to handle Green Goblin, but the Goblin flies away for another day. Spider-Man is ridiculed for being yellow and a coward for running away, and Peter is upset that, despite all his superpowers, he still can't protect Aunt May or do anything to help her.Spider-Man is still being ridiculed when he fled from a fight with The Green Goblin and it's been the talk of all his previous super-villains, as well as other super-heroes. Peter Parker spend his time taking care of his Aunt May at home, and when at school, his concern for Aunt May is consuming most of his thinking. Pete, desperate to earn money to buy more medicine for Aunt May, goes out as Spider-Man to see what he can do. He tries a trading card company as well as a pair of scientists to sell his adhesive webbing, but in both instances, he strikes out, with neither showing any interest.As he heads home, he runs into the Sandman, but being so concerned about Aunt May living alone, he runs away and hides. The public sees this, writing off Spider-Man as a coward once again. As crime continues, Johnny Storm (The Human Torch) begins to suspect something is wrong and writes a message in the sky for Spider-Man to meet him at the Statue of Liberty, but Spidey doesn't show. Flash is so desperate about clearing Spider-Man's name, he dresses as Spidey and tries to fight criminals, but gets beat up instead. As Pete gets ready to quit as Spider-Man, the doctor says Aunt May is in the clear and won't have to take any more medicine. After reading yet another editorial about a weak and phony Spider-Man, Pete decides to go out as Spider-Man and fight back.The Daily Bugle continues its editorials on Spider-Man being washed up, but Spider-Man comes out of nowhere and rounds up bank robbers. As J Jonah Jameson learns the news, he takes his frustration outside, where Sandman and the Enforcers capture the Human Torch. As Peter Parker walks home from another day at school, he sees Fancy Dan. Suspecting something sinister might be afoot, Spider-Man follows him and fights them at their hideout, but as the police show up, The Enforcers flee.Peter turns up at the Daily Bugle and Betty Brant introduces him to a reporter, Ned Leeds. Peter approves of Ned, much to her surprise. Meanwhile, at another hideout, Human Torch has been trapped in a glass jar with just enough air to breathe, but not enough to flame on and escape.Spider-Man learns from Louie the stool pigeon that Sandman plans to use Human Torch as bait to lure Spider-Man into his trap. As Spider-Man descends, he sees The Human Torch and plays ball with Sandman and the Enforcers, and finally rolls into the glass jar, setting Human Torch free.The Enforcers are rounded up, but Human Torch and Spider-Man get tangled in Spidey's webbing. Sandman runs away, but gets caught shortly after by two policemen.Later, a mysterious figure follows Peter home from school and reports on the surveillance to a second mysterious figure in a green robe.As Peter walks home from school, his Spider-Sense tells him that someone is following him home and he tries to figure out who, but comes up empty. Meanwhile, J. Jonah Jameson is at The Daily Bugle and sees an article about a scientist who can create artificial mutations in animals. Jameson realizes he can use this to get rid of Spider-Man. Gargan and Jameson visit the laboratory of Dr. Farley Stillwell, where Jameson offers the doctor $10,000 to make Mac Gargan stronger than Spider-Man. After the transformation, the doctor outfits Mac with a scorpion outfit, complete with an incredibly deadly tail. Spider-Man revisits The Daily Bugle to investigate, and as he leaves, he's attacked by Scorpion. Back at the lab, Dr. Stillwell realizes the awful mistake he's made, and figures out that Mac Gargan will lose himself and become more and more evil as time goes on. At the Bugle, Spider-Man and Scorpion fight, and Spider-Man gets his own webbing thrown back at him and lays defeated. Scorpion, elated with his victory, defies Jameson and runs away to start his money-making crime spree. Dr. Stillwell catches up with Scorpion and tries to cure him. In desperation, he climbs up a building after Scorpion, but loses his grip and falls to his death. Scorpion and Spider-Man trade blows until Spider-Man gets knocked down again and hears Betty Brant scream. Scorpion knows that J. Jonah Jameson is the only person alive who knows his true identity, and realizes he must kill him, as well. Spider-Man defeats Scorpion, but Jameson comes out as the hero for catching Scorpion in his office, with no one knowing his true origin.Abner Jenkins is released from prison after serving his sentence and he plots his revenge on The Human Torch who last sent him there. Johnny Storm reads the newspaper and decides to find him before it's too late but can't find him much to the annoyance of Dorrie, his girlfriend. Johnny then has to promise her not to flame on for 24 hours or else it's over.After some jealousy and relationship drama ensues, Pete decides to rile up Johnny Storm by making Dorrie swoon over Spider-Man as well. Yet as he reaches her house, he runs into the Beetle and begins to fight when he sees his intentions aren't for good. Dorrie sees the fighting and calls Johnny but Johnny sees it as a trick to get him to flame on. The Beetle snatches Dorrie as bait for The Human Torch and Spider-Man gives chase. Johnny shows up at her house just to humor her and sees the house is a wreck and realizes Dorrie was telling the truth after all.He chases after Spider-Man figuring that he was involved. The Human Torch decides to fight Spider-Man instead of hearing him out and only realizes the truth when he sees the Beetle flying nearby with Dorrie in his hands. The Torch and Spidey work together in cornering the Beetle in an abandoned housing complex and once wrapped up in webbing is ready for the police.Spider-Man pays a visit to the Ringmaster and his cronies giving them a warning and subtly placing a Spider-Tracer on the Ringmaster's hat before leaving. Seeing their current trick no longer works, the gang decides to give Ringmaster the heave-ho and elect the Clown as their new leader. Meanwhile, Betty Brant invites Peter to join her at an art exhibit that J. Jonah Jameson is sponsoring. Outside though, the Clown and his cronies are breaking into rob the place, using the Cannonball to break down a door and the Clown distracting the art exhibit visitors. Peter recognizes the Clown from the Ringmaster's gang and Jameson sees Cannonball stealing a picture off the wall. While trying to stop the theft, Jameson gets knocked out cold by a headbutt from Cannonball. Spider-Man, not knowing the split-up of the gang, follows his Spider-Tracer to the Ringmaster to see him leaving a police station as an innocent man, but uses the Ringmaster's hat to hypnotize him and find out where the real crooks are. Yet, as the newly-named Masters of Menace celebrate their heist, Spider-Man finds them and while kept off balance manages to fight them all off. One of the members, Princess Python runs away and Spider-Man tries to be a gentleman, not fighting a woman and instead pleads with her to surrender. While Spider-Man is knocked into her snake pit, the Ringmaster decides to get revenge and knocks the Clown out cold making his way out with the treasure. The Ringmaster is caught red-handed with paintings and the rest of the gang (including Princess Python) is rounded up by the police.The Green Goblin shows up to a mobster hangout and demands the thugs to bow to his superior skill as he wants to take over Lucky Lobo's mob. The gangsters and the Goblin don't see eye to eye and the Goblin flees and gets a write-up in the paper about him attacking mobsters. Pete heads over to The Daily Bugle's office, he sees J. Jonah Jameson meeting with Frederick Foswell, formally the mobster known as the Big Man. Deciding to give Foswell a second chance, Jameson gives Fredrick his old job back.Meanwhile, The Green Goblin is up to no good and gets a list of unreported taxable income about Lucky Lobo's companies from a henchman. The Green Goblin gives the information to Foswell and he reports on it at The Daily Bugle. While swinging around, Spider-Man notices speeding police cars and a raid and watches as the Goblin throw a pumpkin bomb at one of the mobster's getaway cars. The Goblin leads Spider-Man into Lucky Lobo's hang out and leaves the two there to destroy each other.Spider-Man temporarily ducks away to call Aunt May and as the mobster follow him in, he traps them as well as Lucky Lobo himself. Lucky explains the Goblin wants to shove Lucky Lobo aside so he can gain control of the mob and be "boss of the underworld". As the Green Goblin and Spider-Man fight, Spider-Man runs out of web fluid and the Goblin runs out of tricks in his bag as he flies away. Yet, the Goblin doesn't have luck on his side as he finds out that the police have caught the entire Lucky Lobo gang.Peter's day doesn't start off well as he breaks up a burglary, but can't sell pictures since Frederick Foswell spotted Spider-Man but not Peter Parker. While trying to hide from J. Jonah Jameson at The Daily Bugle, he spots a letter from Ned Leeds to Betty Brant. When Peter comments on it, as much as he tries, he comes off as jealous and webslings around the city to keep his mind off of it. Suddenly, Jameson decides to have Bugle staff interview normal people and tell them why they hate Spider-Man (even if the Bugle staff never publish the good things). When Flash catches wind of this, he scares all the staff off. Meanwhile, Liz Allan allows Peter to be her tutor for science, much to Flash's dislike. As Jameson celebrates his biased poll, he gets a visit from Dr. Ludwig Rinehart who tells Jameson that due to a split personality between that of a man and a spider, it's only a matter of time before Spider-Man breaks down. When Peter hears this, he worries he might be going crazy and not know it. He makes his way down to the Bugle to tell Dr. Rinehart that he's wrong, but his spider-sense tells him that a jealous Flash is following him. Peter finally loses Flash covertly by throwing his "spider beam" to a roof while rounding a corner that Flash hasn't rounded yet. He gets distracted by the beam and loses interest in Peter. Peter then turns into Spider-Man and makes his way to Jameson's office but, out of nowhere, Doctor Octopus comes to attack him but disappears just as quick. This repeats again with Sandman as well as The Vulture and Spider-Man starts doubting his sanity. He worries that he might start attacking innocent people believing they're criminals so he heads home for rest. When he sees himself in the mirror, he decides not to wait and visits Dr. Rinehart immediately. As he enters the doctor's house, the entire room is upside down including the furniture, bookshelves, and even the doctor. As he runs to another room, it's also upside down and as Dr. Rinehart starts to consult him, Pete is taken to a room where everything is normal. As the consulting begins, more images of his enemies appear and vanish. At The Daily Bugle, however, Foswell comes to Jameson with news and Jameson tells the press room to kill the story on Rinehart as Jameson goes out to find him. Jameson enters in (with an angry Flash) just as Spider-Man is ready to confess who he is and confronts Dr. Rinehart of being a fraud. As the fraud is revealed, Flash tackles Jameson and Spider-Man runs after Dr. Rinehart realizing that the house had been staged with furniture nailed to the ceiling. The mask is pulled off and the doctor is none other than Mysterio. Mysterio tells Jameson that due to his editorials he picked the right time for Spider-Man to crack and tells Jameson that had he not have interrupted, Spider-Man would have been finished. Liz finally catches up to Peter and they go out to study. Before doing so, Peter tells a worried Aunt May where he's going.As Peter goes to sell pictures of a crime to J. Jonah Jameson, an inventor named Smythe comes in with a robot guaranteeing the destruction of Spider-Man. Since Peter needs money badly, he eggs Jameson on to hear out the wacky inventor. Smythe shows how his robot instantly shoots out steel tentacles at the hint of a spider's presence and grabs a hold of Peter much to his surprise. Jameson is given a remote control and they agree to a deal. Betty is furious with Peter for trying to trap Spider-Man, not understanding his true reasons. Peter shows up at school and has Flash Thompson waiting to fight him as he hangs around Liz Allan too much to his liking. As Peter exits school, he sees the robot and begins to run. Flash, thinking he's running away from a fight runs after Peter. Peter turns and fights the robot and tries to put webbing on the robot, but it slides off and avoids its steel tentacles until he can come up with a plan. Meanwhile, Liz is concerned for Pete's safety due to Flash Thompson and Betty is concerned since the robot is attacking Spider-Man and both head to his house. Both are in for a shock as Mary Jane Watson is waiting for Peter Parker to come home. Although we can't see her face, Betty thinks that she looks as beautiful as a movie star. When fighting the robot, Spider-Man is caught by the steel tentacles and can't escape. Both Smythe and Jameson rush off to locate the robot and unmask Spider-Man but Spider-Man undoes the power box so when Jameson goes to unmask him he comes up empty-handed. Peter goes home, happy that he lives another day but is in trouble when Aunt May has discovered his extra Spider-Man outfit and demands an explanation. She accepts it but now Peter Parker has no Spider-Man costume.Peter’s looking for a Spider-Man outfit to wear and despite trying home as well as The Daily Bugle, he's come up empty. As Peter goes to bed, we see a meeting on the docks between the Green Goblin and a man known as the Crime-Master who apparently knows the Goblin’s secret identity yet the Goblin knows Crime-Master’s identity too. The masked Crime-Master then pays visits to all the big criminal organizations in town stating that he’s taking control immediately. As we see the Crime-Master go home, we see Frederick Foswell hide a set of clothes in a panel behind his clock. Meanwhile, Peter goes to school, and has heard enough from Flash and attacks him but is seen by the principal Mr. Davis and gets in trouble. Flash does the honorable thing and lets Mr. Davis know what really happened. After getting a Spider-Man outfit from a costume shop, he goes to track down Frederick Foswell but as he goes into his apartment, a gunshot goes off and almost hits him. As Spider-Man follows the figure, he discovers it’s the Crime-Master and before he lays a fist on him, he’s given a gas that suffocates him. As he falls off the side of a building, he’s presumed dead. Meanwhile, the mob groups have decided to meet and hear the Crime-Master’s deal down by a pier and a character known as Patch tells the cops what’s happening. Yet as Spider-Man does surveillance on the meeting, the Green Goblin swoops down and begins to attack him. A pumpkin bomb stuns Spider-Man and the Goblin goes to unmask him, but can’t since Spider-Man had to use his sticky webbing to keep the cheap store-bought costume together. As the Crime-Master makes his presentation, the Green Goblin presents a limp body of Spider-Man to the crowd of criminals.The Green Goblin brings Spider-Man's limp body on stage, much to the surprise of the Crime-Master. A henchman ties Spider-Man in chains but as the two criminal masterminds chat to each other, the sleeping gas wears off and Spider-Man tries to wriggle free. As the gathered mobsters attack Spider-Man, the cops flood in and Spider-Man breaks free from the chains and assists the policemen who now have been cornered. Spider-Man realizes he can’t catch up to the Goblin’s glider and instead chases after the Crime-Master. As he weaves underneath piers, he's finally lost him in a thick green cloud of nerve gas. Spider-Man suspects that Frederick Foswell is one of the criminals and as he confronts J. Jonah Jameson on it, Foswell is invited into their office for a discussion. Across the way on a rooftop, the Crime-Master plots his revenge but in a struggle is shot by police. He laughs and begins to tell the Goblin’s identity but falls dead before he can. The police rush to Jameson’s office and personally thank Foswell for his assistance and Foswell reveals the Crime-Master to be Nick “Lucky” Lewis. Since Peter is tight on money, he decides to sell his pictures to a different publisher, Barney Bushkin but decides not to in the future since he asks so many questions. Finally, we see Peter Parker sewing a new Spider-Man outfit together, while an unmasked Green Goblin (whose face cannot be seen) swears revenge on Spider-Man.As the school year comes to a close, Peter Parker is getting the cold shoulder from Liz Allan, but so is Flash Thompson without any explanation. Graduation day is coming soon, so Peter is let out of school early and he pays a visit to Spencer Smythe, creator of the robot. Even though the robot grabs Peter, he talks his way out of it and quickly exchanges Spider-Man outfits to get his real one back. Just as he finishes, he notices a commotion between Smythe and Mark Raxton over a liquid metal alloy. Raxton intends to sell it and Smythe fights back saying more testing needed to be done. As Peter goes to help, the robot grabs him and he watches as Smythe is struck down and the jar of liquid metal alloy spills onto Raxton. Raxton leaves for a hospital and, lost in thought, is almost hit by a car. When he lashes out, he realizes his strength and decides on a life of crime. Spider-Man confronts Raxton and begins to battle him, taking extremely hard blows due to Raxton’s new body of metal. Spider-Man knocks the lights out, and in the dark ties up Raxton’s hands and feet with super-thick webbing and leaves him for the police. Peter Parker attends his graduation and unfortunately J. Jonah Jameson is the guest speaker. After a tedious speech, Peter decides to catch up with Liz Allan as Jameson butters up Aunt May to retain Parker’s photographic skills. Liz professes her feelings to Peter and says she felt she was seen as a ditzy blonde and that she never had a chance with Betty or Mary Jane around. Liz says it’s time for that part of her to graduate and leave behind and leaves before Pete can say a thing.While Peter Parker is out shopping for new clothes, Scorpion has his costume returned to him in prison and he escapes, swearing revenge on Spider-Man and J. Jonah Jameson. Back at The Daily Bugle, Peter is talking to Betty Brant and Ned Leeds who has just returned back from Europe for good. A police officer comes in and tells Jameson that an extra security detail has been assigned to protect him from the Scorpion. Spider-Man decides to swing around town to attract Scorpion’s attention but instead is giving Scorpion plenty of time to attack Jameson. He realizes this possibility and decides to head to The Daily Bugle just in case. When he gets there, Scorpion has already started to run after Jameson. As Spider-Man and Scorpion trade blows, Jameson’s office is demolished, but when the police arrive Scorpion flees outside. As the two fight on the rooftops, Spider-Man creates bolas made out of his web to tangle Scorpion and swings Scorpion around the town and into the Hudson River. As Scorpion splashes about, Spider-Man tangles him in a net of webbing waiting for the police to pick him up. Once Spider-Man is finished he returns to The Daily Bugle as Peter Parker to check on Betty Brant. When he’s told by Jameson that she was sent home, he calls her house and we see that Betty is on the couch getting rest from the fright fest that happened earlier. Even more concerning, Aunt May is in the kitchen and she gets a dizzy spell and almost faints.Betty is slowly getting better and Aunt May sounds better, so Spider-Man decides to prowl around the city. He doesn't notice a man scaling a building who calls himself Cat Burglar breaking into an apartment. He breaks a safe open and leaves unnoticed. The apartment belongs to J. Jonah Jameson, who puts a reward of $1,000 for his capture. While swinging around, Spider-Man learns of the reward and goes to Jameson to antagonize and tease him. Jameson, so fearful of paying Spider-Man, assigns Frederick Foswell to find the Cat first. As Peter Parker goes out, he runs into Liz Allan who is in a hurry and tells Peter that Flash Thompson has been following her trying to learn where she works. Peter stalls Flash and then misdirects him. Peter is still concerned about Betty and calls to meet her. She drops a bombshell saying that Ned has proposed to her. Peter is ready to tell her about Spider-Man when she explains that she wants a stable home life without excitement and danger that an adventurer or a hero like Spider-Man would have. Peter, hurt by her subtle rejection of him leaves her in tears when he storms out. Though Peter returns home, Betty calls so much that he realizes he must clear his head and go out and fight crime. As he does, police have cornered the Cat Burglar and Spider-Man makes the chase. The Cat gets Spider-Man off balance and tries to bring a water tower crashing down on him. As he flees, the police corner him on the roof, and he throws a smoke grenade to hide inside a chimney where they eventually arrest him. Peter is dejected and cuts short any attempt at conversation by Betty as he sells more pictures to Jameson.Spider-Man is swinging around town when he notices a group of masked men escape by helicopter from a plant that produces atomic devices. As he swings on board and fights the men in the helicopter, they dump the stolen cargo into the water below. Spider-Man doesn't notice this as he’s assaulted by sleeping gas and has to swing out before he falls prey. As he looks underwater, the men and the gadgets have disappeared. Meanwhile, in an underwater base, a person sends a task force to retrieve the cargo from the water. Spider-Man leaves and goes to register for his first year of college. Peter comes home and Aunt May suddenly faints. After Dr. Bromwell visits, he decides to send her to the hospital. As Aunt May lies sick, Peter goes through with school but being in such a depressed state of affairs, gives everyone the cold shoulder including new classmates Harry Osborn and Gwen Stacy. Unfortunately for Peter, everyone sees him as selfish because of his science scholarship. News at The Daily Bugle is slow so J. Jonah Jameson assigns Frederick Foswell to stir up a story and, disguised as Patch, finds out that nuclear devices are to be loaded on board a ship later that night. Unsure of the tip, Patch gives it to Spider-Man to investigate and as he arrives, he sees the same masked men from before. He fights them only briefly before they dive in the water. Spider-Man stops the theft (without pictures) and we learn that he has foiled the plans of someone called the Master Planner. The Master Planner is plotting his revenge as well as his research on an atomic ray in an underwater base. Meanwhile, two doctors finish up tests on Aunt May and come to the conclusion that she may not live much longer.The Master Planner, who has been running experiments and stealing radioactive material, is actually Doctor Octopus. Meanwhile, Peter Parker is delivering new photos for The Daily Bugle when he’s spotted by Betty Brant. Peter is conflicted by the fact that she loves him but hates Spider-Man and he decides the best thing is to make her angry so she forgets about him. Ned Leeds tries to reason with Peter, but he shoves Ned aside and to not burden Betty with his secret. After this, Peter goes to the hospital where he learns Aunt May is dying because of radioactive material in her blood. He figures that she may have received this from him during a blood transfusion. Feeling responsible for not only Uncle Ben’s death but now perhaps Aunt May’s, he’s determined to save her. He realizes Curt Connors may be able to help and he swipes a vial of her blood and brings it to him for help. Pete raises money to get a serum called ISO-36 which may save Aunt May. As they prepare for its arrival, Dr. Connors is told that it’s been stolen and Spider-Man goes to track it down. Spider-Man tears up countless henchmen hideouts, throwing cars like toys, and finally, finds a trap door in an alley. He follows the Master Planner’s henchmen to an area where the ISO-36 serum sits unguarded. As he’s shocked off of the ceiling with electricity, he begins a fight with Doctor Octopus who is frightened by the intensity and strength Spider-Man now shows. As he hurls a rock at Doctor Octopus, he destroys a support beam and the entire lab comes crashing down. As he’s trapped underneath a huge and heavy iron unit weighing tons, drops of water come splashing on the canister of ISO-36, with the river slowly flooding the lab.Spider-Man is trapped by tons of iron and finds it in himself to raise the giant mechanism trapping him to rid himself of guilt given by Uncle Ben’s death and to save Aunt May. As he exits, his leg is hurt but he grabs the serum and soon the lab is flooded with water. He lets himself be swept along the current, yet as he makes his way to the surface, he finds more henchmen waiting for him. Going ballistic on the henchmen, he makes his way to Curt Connors’ lab with the serum. After testing it successfully on his own blood, he reasons it may be a cure for Aunt May. Connors phones the hospital to approve the serum Spider-Man is delivering.Meanwhile, Spider-Man goes back to take pictures for The Daily Bugle and phones Frederick Foswell to get the scoop of the year. As Peter delivers pictures to J. Jonah Jameson, Betty Brant is shocked to see Peter bruised and beaten, which he says is from trying to get pictures. She fears that she’d lose an adventurous Peter Parker the way she did with her brother. Peter then barters with Jameson on the pictures to raise money for Aunt May’s hospital bills as well as all the scientific equipment he pawned off last issue to buy ISO-36. After getting the money, he heads to the hospital to find the results on Aunt May and while he’s being looked at, a nurse announces that the results are in. It seems ISO-36 has cured Aunt May after all. After making sure that Aunt may is out of danger, Peter Parker goes home to get some well deserved rest.Kraven the Hunter walks around his trophy room, plotting his revenge against Spider-Man and his return to America. Meanwhile, Betty Brant confronts Peter to reveal his secret, and Peter finally gives in and reveals himself as Spider-Man... but Betty wakes up to realize it was only a nightmare. Peter goes back to college relieved now that Aunt May has a clean bill of health. While trying to go about a normal day, he gets snubbed by Gwen Stacy and Harry Osborn for being anti-social. Spider-Man begins stalking J. Jonah Jameson’s movements and tries to corner him. Jameson flees and Spider-Man is seen as attacking him instead and runs away. However this is not Spider-Man, but his foe Kraven in disguise. Peter hears about the trickster running around, and decides to let him do so for the next few days. To save his reputation, he finally tracks down and chases the impostor to figure out who it is. When he follows him to an abandoned building, he runs into Kraven who sprays a mist canceling out his spider sense. Spider-Man goes around the building, loaded with traps, and finally battles Kraven. They trade blows before a gang of crooks makes them relocate their fight. Soon enough, Spider-Man gives a final knockout punch and delivers the gang and Kraven in a neat spider web for the police. Kraven then confesses his impersonation of Spider-Man to the police and clears Spider-Man’s name. Jameson learns the news and angrily dismisses a secretary who’s replaced Betty as she has left without warning. Peter is turning over in his mind thoughts of Betty, not knowing her disappearance. Peter realizes he must move on as he’s accepted his fate as Spider-Man but Betty never would.Molten Man sees Judge Hizzoner and the Judge takes pity on him and lets him go without any punishment since he has agreed to pay for the damage he has caused. Molten Man goes free and shows he has no intentions of going straight. After some planning, he enters into a jewelry store and asks to see the most expensive items for sale. Once they are outside the safe, the owner tries to stop Molten Man but bullets bounce off and the gun is crushed inside his hand. Spider-Man swings around and notices the theft in progress, and not knowing the thief's true identity, is clobbered around and Molten Man escapes. After some deduction, Spidey figures that only Molten Man could hit him that hard and crush a gun in his bare hand.Spider-Man tracks down Molten Man's old house and follows him with a Spider-Tracer to the same jewelry shop he initially tried to rob. Spider-Man tries to catch him in webbing and the two trade punches back and forth. Molten Man escapes but Spider-Man catches up with him at Raxton's home. Spider-Man grabs a nearby rope and, similar to their last fight, hog-ties Molten Man together and brings proof to the police tying him to the attempted robbery. Peter goes to sell his pictures of Molten Man to J. Jonah Jameson, but finds out that Betty Brant no longer works there. A replacement secretary hands him a self-portrait he gave to Betty signed "To Betty – Forever! Peter", but it ends up in the trash as he realizes both Ned Leeds and her are gone to the west coast and most likely are married.A meteor comes crashing down and Norton Fester, a scientist, retrieves it and looks for funding in order to research microscopic life on it. After being turned down by a bank and his friends, he cracks it open himself. As he does, a trapped pocket of gas emits and he stumbles backward. When he awakens, he discovers new-found strength and lifts a bookcase as if it were a feather. Meanwhile, Peter Parker is back on campus trying to regain a normal social life. As he tries to socialize, he gets worried about being pegged as an “egghead” and afraid to repeat his mistake with Betty, brushes them off. Inside a bank, we see Norton Fester is now the Looter. He robs the bank and blinds those inside with a dazzle gun. As he continues to rob banks over the next few days, Looter finds there’s no more gas in his meteor and decides to find another just in case his power diminishes. Coincidentally, Peter Parker is attending a space exhibit and Gwen Stacy happens to show up as well. Gwen becomes frustrated when Peter only notices the exhibits and is completely oblivious to her presence. Looter shows up to steal the meteor and Spider-Man arrives to prevent it. The Looter uses his dazzle gun to blind everyone and escape. Peter returns to try and talk to Gwen but she writes him off as a coward when he ran and changed. Spider-Man figures Looter will be back and is proven correct when another robbery is attempted. Unsuccessful in his second attempt, Looter tries to fly away with a helium balloon, but Spider-Man springs up a flagpole and catches him. After he knocks him out cold, Spider-Man sails the balloon for the police to arrest Looter before knowing why the meteor was sought after.Professor Stromm is released from prison and is picked up by ex-con Max Young. Frederick Foswell watches as his ex-cell-mate is up to something and tries to follow. Someone tries to shoot Foswell, and Spider-Man stops it and follows Foswell. After he loses him, Pete returns to The Daily Bugle for his whereabouts. He arrives and explains that Stromm has threatened revenge on the man who set him up for prison. Back at school, Pete tries to talk to Gwen and her temper flares up, but as she begins to slap him, he stops her hand. Gwen notices Flash threaten Peter and not flinch and notices she’s defending Pete. Meanwhile, Stromm has created a remote-control robot and sends it to Oscorp. As it destroys the labs, the robot latches onto Spider-Man and is destroyed when he jumps into a fire. Professor Stromm begins another robot with a destruction beam. Osborn arrives at Oscorp and knows it’s Stromm but can’t say since he double-crossed him. Spider-Man goes to follow Patch and he leads him to the Professor’s hideout when Patch is grabbed. The robot is set loose so Spider-Man attaches a tracer to the robot to save Patch. Both are trapped as the robot reaches Osborn and begins to destroy his office. As Spider-Man enters to save Osborn, he’s upset about ruining his plans. As Spider-Man fights the robot, Osborn knocks him out and the robot leaves him for dead, returning home. Spider-Man follows and destroys the robot in Stromm’s lab. As Stromm surrenders, he begins to tell his story but is killed by a rifle. As J. Jonah Jameson gives the news to Osborn about Stromm’s death, he leaves and Osborn is seen cleaning his rifle. Pete starts to question how the rifleman disappeared so suddenly without a trace.Joe Smith has dreams of becoming a boxing champ and after begging Tommy Tomkins to let him fight, the older man becomes his manager. Unfortunately for Joe, he’s a poor boxer and is ridiculed by others. Taking pity on Joe, Tomkins gets him a job as an extra on a science-fiction movie. While shooting the scene, an arc light falls in a puddle of chemicals and shocks Joe. As he rests, Peter Parker visits The Daily Bugle and runs into Ned Leeds. Both ask each other where Betty yet neither has an answer. Joe is shooting another scene where he has to attack stuntmen. As he fights them, he begins to lose it as a result of the shock and goes on a rampage, with debris flying everywhere, getting the attention of Peter.Spider-Man emerges and Joe gets angrier seeing another person trying to keep him down. They fight, and after a pause in the action, Joe regains his senses and runs away with Tomkins. Meanwhile, Norman Osborn is disguised and offers $20,000 to criminals to get rid of Spider-Man. Back at Empire State University, Gwen again sees Pete in a positive light, admiring his strength and courage. As word gets out that Spider-Man has a bounty on his head, he’s busy fighting crooks coming at him left and right. As he fights, he hears a commotion at a gym, seeing Joe Smith pounding on the other boxers.After a few punches to Joe, he’s knocked out of his delusion and Tomkins runs in before he’s arrested. Tomkins says the charges have been dropped and that the movie company wants to give Joe a large starring role for his impressive display. Spider-Man fights more criminals and is angry that Ned has the possibility to marry Betty, because he doesn’t have to hide Spider-Man, and misses another visit from Mary Jane Watson.The Green Goblin is plotting his revenge against Spider-Man and plans to reveal his secret identity to the world. Meanwhile, Pete feels he’s coming down with something and visits Dr. Bromwell. During the visit, the doctor tells Pete that Aunt May must not have any sudden shock or excitement to her or it could be fatal. As he goes to school, we see Harry Osborn being dropped off by his dad. When Harry asks if anything is wrong, his dad snaps angrily at him and Harry begins to worry.Pete sees what’s wrong and Harry starts confides in him his concerns much to the delight of Gwen Stacy. As Spider-Man web slings to clear his head cold, he finds a robbery in progress and starts to fight the gang of crooks. The longer he fights, the more suspicious he gets and finally is proven right when they hit him with a gas. This gas that Green Goblin has concocted prevents his Spider-Sense from working. As he exits the scene, he goes to change back to Peter Parker and the Goblin watches without being noticed.As the Goblin follows him home, he picks up his name on a microphone and learns his true identity. The Goblin confronts him outside and begins his attack on Peter Parker. Pete fights to prevent Aunt May from knowing the truth but Goblin soon knocks Pete unconscious and wraps him in a steel alloy cable. As he is taken to the Goblin’s lair, Pete struggles against his bonds. Since he’s confident in destroying Spider-Man, the Goblin reveals himself to be none other than Norman Osborn himself.Pete is trapped by Norman Osborn who’s revealed himself to be the Green Goblin. Pete stalls him, mentioning Harry and playing with his emotions to get him to talk. Norman tells how he worked constantly to provide and always paid more attention to work than to his son. He reveals how Professor Stromm only borrowed money from a shared account, but Norman called the police reporting it as theft, leaving the company in his hands. Norman continues, saying Stromm had left formulas behind, and he decided to research them. As he was working on one, it exploded and hospitalized him. This transformation changed him and he planned to use his company’s resources to become a super-criminal. At home, Aunt May is worried sick over Pete not calling her and Anna Watson calls in Dr. Bromwell. Meanwhile, Betty Brant is in a train station realizing she must return to New York and face everyone but unsure how. Pete is still working on the steel bonds and the Goblin recounts when Spider-Man has fought him and skews them as victories. He finishes his story and frees Pete to fight him on even terms. As they fight, the Goblin pulls out stun bombs, an electrical whip, and finally a Goblin Cannon. As Spider-Man delivers a kick, the Goblin goes into a mixture of live wires and chemicals and a fire starts. Spider-Man rushes over not wanting to kill him, but Norman doesn’t know where he is or why he’s in costume. Not wanting to destroy his reputation or Harry’s feelings, he’s quickly changed out of his costume for the police to take him to a hospital. Pete rushes home and Dr. Bromwell has just sedated Aunt May. Aunt May begins to take care of Pete’s “fever” and Harry visits his dad in the hospital.Spider-Man (Peter Parker) is buying a new motorcycle and calls J. Jonah Jameson for a credit reference and he approves knowing he’ll get cheaper pictures.John Jameson is visiting and even though Jonah goes on a tangent about Spider-Man, John expresses his appreciation for Spider-Man since he saved him in the out of control space capsule. John tells his dad that he’s been cleared by NASA recently. After his last spacewalk, space spores attached to him and NASA believes they may help the USA in the space race. NASA has assigned him bodyguards to prevent kidnapping from competing countries.At that moment, a giant man in a rhinoceros costume is charging across the Mexican border with bullets ricocheting off, clobbering through anything in his way. Meanwhile, Pete runs into Betty Brant who has just returned to town. As they talk, they fumble for words and realize their feelings for each other are gone. Pete excuses himself and he sees footage of Rhino.When Rhino reaches New York, Spider-Man goes to find him. He arrives at John Jameson’s hotel suite to find John kidnapped by Rhino. Spider-Man confronts Rhino and learns he’s kidnapped John in order to sell him to the highest bidder and deliver secrets known to him about his space missions. Spider-Man begins to fight him but realizes he can’t fight Rhino head-on as he keeps charging and could easily destroy him. Spider-Man trips and flips Rhino onto his head knocking him unconscious for the police to arrest him.The next day, Pete is going to school on his bike, Gwen Stacy notices his new ride and mentions it. As he tells her she’s got a lot to learn about him, they both really notice each other for the first time. Pete comes home and is reminded that he’ll be meeting Anna Watson’s niece, Mary Jane soon and to not miss dinner with the Watsons.At first it seems that Spider-Man has robbed a bank and drops the bag and its contents in the river near the Queensboro Bridge. Then it is reinforced when at the Daily Bugle Building Frederick Foswell comes rushing in looking for J. Jonah Jameson to tell him that Spider-Man has just robbed a bank. Betty Brant is there at the Bugle talking to Ned Leeds. We find Jameson at Kennedy Airport with his son John. On John's recent spacewalk he contacted space spores. This reaction to the space spores suddenly increased his size and made him stronger.Within sixty minutes the doctors agree that the spores must come from Jupiter and not long after this diagnosis that Stark Industries have provided a special suit for John Jameson. After hearing from Frederick Foswell at the Bugle that Spider-Man has robbed a bank, the senior Jameson suggests that John becomes a super-hero and should battle Spider-Man. Meanwhile, at a nearby courthouse, the Rhino lies unconscious until the doctors leave and slam the door on the way out. At the same courthouse, Foggy Nelson decides to accept the defense of the Rhino. At that moment the Rhino almost escapes but is subdued by a Spray Tranquillizer.Back at Empire State University Gwen Stacy invites Peter to a Party at her house on Sunday but he must decline as he is to meet his neighbor's niece Mary Jane Watson. Spider-Man then fights John Jameson and explains why he was robbing the Bank at the beginning of the story (in his head, of course), that his spider-sense detected a bomb in one of the money bags and how he had to take it by force to get it away. Spider-Man distracts John Jameson and gets away.Spider-Man then goes to the Daily Bugle to ask Jameson to call the bank and ask if any money is missing. If not, it proves his innocence. Jameson does so and sulks over his mistake. John Jameson storms in, wanting a rematch with Spidey. He has eventually calmed down enough to be escorted back to the hotel room. This is only temporary, as he soon breaks out.Spider-Man and John eventually find each other near a warehouse and begin another battle. Spider-Man eventually lures John inside the building and uses the generator inside and John's electro-magnetic suit to destroy the spores completely before they were too far deep to be cured. Finally, Peter does meet Mary Jane and her famous first words are "Face it tiger...you just hit the jackpot!"The Rhino’s tranquilizer wears off and he begins another escape from jail seeking out Spider-Man. At the Daily Bugle, Ned Leeds and Betty Brant announce their engagement, but the scene changes to Peter Parker being enamored by Mary Jane at home. A TV bulletin interrupts and announces The Rhino’s escape. Peter realizes Spider-Man must confront him and Mary Jane suggests they go downtown to watch the action.As The Rhino stomps around looking for Spider-Man, he has a flashback of how it all began. Chosen for his muscle and low intelligence, two scientists working for professional spies applied a special rhinoceros suit that bonded with his skin. After the application, The Rhino mysteriously gained intelligence and turned on his creators, going into business on his own. As Peter and Mary Jane reach downtown, Peter slips away to become Spider-Man and confronts The Rhino. As they battle, The Rhino leads him to where innocent bystanders and police are watching. The Rhino’s charge connects with Spider-Man and leaves him woozy and he comes back to finish him. A police officer makes a last second grab for Spider-Man and saves him. The Rhino thinks that Spider-Man is dead and hunts for John Jameson.While cashing in on his photos of the battle, Peter hears about John Jameson being moved to another hospital and thinks The Rhino may attack again. Having picked up a bit of The Rhino’s hide from the earlier fight, Spider-Man brings it to Dr. Curt Connors for analysis. Spider-Man meets The Rhino at the hospital and hits him with reformulated webbing which burns through the rhino hide and is captured. Peter heads home and learns that Flash Thompson is entering the military and that Aunt May is ill, since she hadn’t refilled her medication, due to the cost.At the train station, Aunt May is going away while Dr. Curt Connors is meeting his wife and son. Dr. Connors reacts from The Rhino antidote he was previously working on and turns into The Lizard. Realizing this, he runs away but is spotted by his son Billy. The Lizard plots his human conquest and defeat of Spider-Man. As Aunt May leaves, Peter spots Mrs. Connors in tears and meets her as Spider-Man. Mrs. Connors explains her fear that Dr. Connors may have transformed and points Spider-Man to the tunnel. Finding nothing, he sends them to Dr. Connors lab.Meanwhile, Peter heads to The Daily Bugle for more money and Frederick Foswell decides to shadow Peter as his alter-ego Patch to see if there’s a story. Pete meets up with Harry Osborn, Flash Thompson, and Gwen Stacy at a local café. While talking about Flash’s draft, Mary Jane Watson walks in and the boys are stunned. They’re even more surprised when Peter knows her and Gwen is jealous when they leave together.In the meantime, the Lizard frames Spider-Man breaking into a jewelry showroom from the inside, having climbed up the building. Jameson sullies Spider-Man’s name as a criminal, but Spider-Man finds The Lizard and gets him to climb a building in front of the public, showing The Lizard can climb too. While fighting The Lizard, Spider-Man sprains his arm in a fall to a web mattress, but a friendly doctor tapes up his arm before the police arrive. Moments later, Spider-Man finds Mrs. Connors and lets her know that Dr. Connors has indeed turned into The Lizard but heads home to recuperate.At night, Mary Jane calls and invites Peter to a dance but he declines fearing someone might piece together that he and Spider-Man both have sprained arms.With his arm in a sling from his battle last issue with the The Lizard, Spider-Man swings around trying to find the scaly villain again. The Lizard heads to Dr. Connor’s lab to find a formula to transform reptiles to his personal army. Since his reptilian brain can’t understand Dr. Connor’s notes, he wrecks the lab waking Mrs. Connors and Billy up and goes to find Dr. Connor himself, not knowing they are one and the same. At The Daily Bugle, Frederick Foswell goes to tail Peter Parker but gets assigned The Lizard story by Jonah Jameson. Pete goes to school with his sling, saying he sprained it on his motorcycle and is ridiculed by Flash Thompson, reassuring Pete that no one will connect him and Spider-Man. Harry Osborn tells Pete that Gwen is having a party for Flash and Pete explains why he hasn’t been around because of his money issues. Harry offers to talk to his father to see if he can get him a job. Spider-Man continues to search for The Lizard and finds him on a train to Philadelphia with a large reptile collection onboard. The Lizard commands a train car filled with reptiles to attack Spider-Man and flees on the train. Spider-Man catches up and leads The Lizard to a freezer car, where he is weakened by the cold. Spider-Man wraps him in a web cocoon to prevent his death and works in Dr. Connors lab to create an antidote before The Lizard thaws. He cures Dr. Connors and heads home but is interrupted in his thoughts by Harry and Mary Jane who he starts to think is way too hyperactive and a bit shallow for his tastes. Pete is frustrated by his responsibilities as Spider-Man since he’s hurt and often breaks dates with friends. Meanwhile, the Connors family wonders aloud how they’ll ever repay Spider-Man.Spider-Man, with his arm still in a sling, is perching on a building when he’s shaken off. Inside, he runs into The Shocker, whose vibro-shock units on his hands create strong punches and vibration waves that knock Spider-Man off-balance. Spider-Man’s punches are deflected by Shocker's vibrating body and he escapes.Moments later, Peter Parker walks to The Daily Bugle to sell The Shocker pictures when he’s met by Harry Osborn. Harry tells Pete his dad is paying for an apartment closer to school and invites Pete to move in. After Pete gets cash from J. Jonah Jameson, Frederick Foswell follows him as Patch, hoping for a connection with Spider-Man.In the meantime, The Shocker returns to his hideout and remembers the origin of his powers. Arrested for robbery, he created a fool-proof safecracking tool that vibrates loose any safe and used it to escape from prison. He created a costume that absorbs feedback and added a battery unit for power, turning into the powerful Shocker.At that moment, Peter picks up Aunt May at the train station and she tells him that Mrs. Watson invited her to move in, which works since Peter wants to move out too. As Peter drops Aun May at Mrs. Watson's house, he goes on a date with Mary Jane and they meet with Peter's friends for the farewell party of Flash Thompson, who was drafted to the army. During the meeting, Peter can't help but notice how attractive is Gwen Stacy, but since he is with Mary Jane and Gwen is with Harry, he decides to move along.After the party, Peter goes to change into Spider-Man in an alleyway when he’s almost caught by Patch. He fakes a conversation between Peter and Spider-Man about pictures and sends a dummy Spider-Man off to prevent Patch getting any suspicions. Afterward, Spider-Man hears reports of tremors near the Federal Reserve and he confronts The Shocker inside. After battling and dodging vibration blasts and falling concrete, Spider-Man finally webs up the vibro-shock thumb triggers and knocks out The Shocker. He takes pictures of the capture and returns home ready for the big move for Aunt May and himself.When Peter finally moves out of Aunt May's home and reaches the new apartment, he’s shocked at the size but also an odd feeling of depression and weariness that Peter can’t place.Having been stiffed out of payment for his last battle with Spider-Man by the Green Goblin because of the apparent demise of the Green Goblin, Kraven the Hunter decides to go after the "middle-man" that sought out Kraven when he was hired for the job: Norman Osborn (Kraven is unaware that the Goblin and Osborn are the same man and that Norman has no memory of his alter ego.)Meanwhile, everyone is planning a going away party for Flash Thompson before he leaves for the Army to fight in Vietnam. As Peter Parker and friends prepare for the party, Kraven tries to find Osborn, attacking his office and his home to try and find him. When this fails, Kraven decides to attack the party and kidnap Osborn's son Harry to try and ransom him off.However, when Kraven appears, Peter sneaks away and changes into Spider-Man and battles Kraven. During the fight Norman Osborn arrives and is roped up by Kraven who demands payment. However, due to his selective amnesia pertaining to anything he did as Green Goblin, Osborn has no clue what Kraven is talking about. When Kraven drops Osborn off a partially built skyscraper, Spider-Man goes to his rescue. Kraven manages to escape, and Peter has to switch back to his civilian identity before his absence is noticed so he can't go after Kraven.After everyone's settled down, Peter wishes Flash Thompson farewell, the two deciding to bury the hatchet and be friends.As Spider-Man searches the city for trace of Kraven the Hunter, at the nearby prison Adrian Toomes is apparently on his death bed following an accident. Before he seemingly dies, he tells his cellmate Blackie Drago the location of a spare set of Vulture wings. Once he learns of their location, Drago reveals that the his "accident" was planned in the hopes that Toomes would reveal the location of the wings so that once Drago gets out of prison he can use the technology for his own personal gain.That night, Drago manages to sneak out of the prison, and finds Toome's spare set of wings: hidden in a hiding place near the prison. Drago manages to escape before the guards can capture him, mastering how to use the wings in moments and flying away.Peter has given up his search for Kraven for a while, when he realizes that he's coming down with a cold from all his winter time web-slinging. When he hears news of the new Vulture on the prowl he goes out to find the new Vulture in spite of his illness. This ends up working against him, as the new Vulture manages to defeat him easily before flying away and leaving Spider-Man unconscious in the snow.Following his defeat at the hands of the new Vulture, Peter returns to his apartment which he shares with Harry Osborn. His health hasn't improved for the better and forces himself to rest up until he gets better. He is visited by his Aunt May, Mary Jane, and Gwen Stacy while he's recuperating.Meanwhile, hearing of the Vulture's defeat of Spider-Man, Kraven becomes furious that he was denied his right to defeat the wall-crawler and vows to hunt down this new Vulture and make him pay. The Vulture meanwhile, is taking advantage of the absence of Spider-Man in order to commit as many crimes as possible. However, his activities bring him into conflict Kraven.Hearing of the two clashing super-villains, Peter forces himself out of bed and out to fight them in spite of his illness. With Spider-Man getting in the middle of the Vulture and Kraven's fight, the two villains turn their attention to Spidey. However, their inability to work together and their desire to get revenge on Spider-Man work against them. The Vulture is downed by Kraven's tranquilizer rays after the Vulture is defeated, Spider-Man is able to easily defeat Kraven and webs the two of them up. He leaves them for the police to pick up, but not before snapping some pictures for the Bugle.Peter returns to his room, and when his doctor checks him out he gives Peter a clean bill of health.Unaware that Spider-Man is back in action, the Kingpin is about to begin his takeover of the city, and his first target is silencing the negative press he's getting from the Daily Bugle, and so he demands that J. Jonah Jameson be silenced.Frederick Foswell comes to the Kingpin to join his group when news of Spider-Man's return comes to the Kingpin in a violent way: Big Turk, a rival for control of the rackets comes bursting in challenging his leadership. The Kingpin makes easy work out of Turk and quells all descent in his ranks. As Spider-Man busts up one of the Kingpin's safehouses, the Kingpin sends men to kidnap J. Jonah Jameson.Jameson is brought to Kingpin's headquarters where he learns what his fate will be and that he's been betrayed by Foswell. When Spider-Man tracks down the Kingpin's hideout, he smashes through the window to come to Jameson's rescue. The Kingpin fights Spider-Man one-on-one, and gains the upper hand, using gas hidden in his tie pin to knock the wall-crawler out. Kingpin then tells his men to execute both Spider-Man and Jameson.Knocked out by the Kingpin, Spider-Man and J. Jonah Jameson are brought into the villain's basement. The Kingpin decides they should both be eliminated and has them placed in a giant water tight chamber and begins to have the chamber filled with water. Jameson pleads to be let free but to no avail. As the water rises, Spider-Man finally awakes and manages to break free from his bonds. However, there is no way to break free in time.Meanwhile, at the Daily Bugle, Ned Leeds and his fiancee Betty Brant discover that their boss has gone missing as well. They are joined by city editor Joe Robertson. Joe tells them that he discovered the damage and called the police already. Joe tells Ned to get ready to cover the story. Betty pleads to him to not go, but Ned says this story is important. As he and Joe take off, Betty worries that her relationship with Ned will turn out like the same as her failed romance with Peter Parker. Back at the Kingpin's hideout, Spider-Man creates an airtight web bubble so that he and Jameson can breathe while the rest of the room floods.Figuring his captives to be dead, Kingpin has the water drained, and Spider-Man goes on the attack. After defeating the Kingpin's goons, Spider-Man then frees Jameson and they try to find a way out of Kingpin's base. As they make their exit, more of the Kingpin's men arrive. Spider-Man tells Jameson to run for it while he takes care of these new attackers. Jonah complies but ends up knocking himself out when he runs into an overhanging pipe. Thinking that Jameson got away safely, Spider-Man webs up the crooks and goes looking for the Kingpin. Upstairs, his enemy informs Frederick Foswell that Spider-Man and Jameson are dead. Foswell is unhappy to hear this, as this was not his style. The Kingpin doesn't take kindly to being called a murderer and is about to eliminate Foswell as well when Spider-Man suddenly bursts into the room.Meanwhile, back at the Silver Spoon, Gwen and Harry are happy to see that Flash Thompson has returned on leave from the military. He is warmly greeted, and when he asks where Peter and Mary Jane are, he learns that neither has been seen in a while. Flash is surprised to hear that Mary Jane is still dating Peter. As he begins telling them of his experiences in the military, Mary Jane arrives. The group then decides to throw a party to celebrate Flash's return. Back at the Kingpin's, Spider-Man is surprised to discover how powerful his foe really is. While the two men struggle, Foswell steals a gun from a nearby desk drawer and tries to escape. Seeing that this is a losing battle, the Kingpin makes his retreat through a secret escape tube hidden behind a bookshelf. When Spider-Man tries to follow after him, he just narrowly avoids getting a blast of toxic gas used to prevent people from following the Kingpin. Spider-Man decides to make his departure. Elsewhere, Jameson wakes up and panics when he thinks he is bleeding and flees down the hallway. His cries for help alert the Kingpin's men, but Jameson is found by Foswell before they can catch him.Trying to defend his former employer, Frederick is shot by one of the Kingpin's goons. It's then that Spider-Man arrives and takes the thugs out. Although Jameson is safe, Foswell's wound proves fatal and soon dies from blood loss. Jameson can't understand why Foswell betrayed him to the Kingpin but vows to let the world know that he died a hero. Later, when the authorities arrive, Jameson informs Ned and Joe what happened. He becomes determined to continue crusading against organized crime in the city, as well as Spider-Man. Hearing this from the rooftops, Spider-Man is upset to hear that Jameson still intends to carry on his crusade against him. The wall-crawler has had enough, but he checks his temper, as he would do everything the same way all over again, and thinks that he and Jameson aren't really all that different.Spider-Man reads the latest front page story of the Daily Bugle while hanging out front of the building. He's not surprised to see that Jameson has painted himself the hero and Spider-Man a menace following the death of Frederick Foswell at the hands of the Kingpin. Noticing Spider-Man is hanging outside his office window, Jameson shouts at the hero for distracting his employees. The wall-crawler responds by mocking Jonah's newspaper and tossing his copy into the irate publisher's face. Realizing that he is running late for classes, Spider-Man rushes to Empire State University. His arrival is spotted by Gwen Stacy and Flash Thompson, the latter is excited to see his long time hero. They are soon joined by Harry Osborn, who asks them if they have seen Peter Parker recently, as he is fed up of his roommate is never around to take his messages. As Harry grumbles about being Peter's personal secretary, Spider-Man slips into the empty gymnasium to change back into his civilian identity. He is almost caught in the act by Professor Miles Warren. To cover up his presence in the gym, Peter quickly scales up one of the ropes while he tucks the rest of his costume away under his clothing. Climbing down to meet Warren, he learns that his professor wishes to invite Peter and a friend to check out the latest science exposition. Peter accepts the offer and tells Miles that he will gladly go.Outside of the gym, Peter runs into Gwen Stacy and Harry Osborn. Harry snubs Peter and Gwen explains that Harry is upset with Peter's constant comings and goings. When Peter asks if Gwen wants to go to the science expo, she happily accepts. After class, the pair go to meet with Professor Warren, when they bump into Harry and Flash. Flash takes issue with a "civilian" like Peter Parker taking Gwen out for the evening, and this leads to a heated exchange between the two before Gwen breaks it up. Soon, they are on their way with Professor Warren to the exposition. On the way, they talk about the military's new missile "nullifier" device which will be on display. When they arrive, they discover that security is tight in order to prevent the nullifier from getting into the wrong hands. Peter soon becomes distracted when his spider-sense begins going off, warning him that there is danger present, but he can't figure out where it is coming from. Later during the demonstration of the nullifier's powers, Peter discovers the danger when Doctor Octopus reveals himself as being one of the spectators in the crowd. Making his presence known, Doc Ock then fights his way through security to get possession of the nullifier. As people flee in panic, Peter manages to slip away so he can change into Spider-Man. Meanwhile, the military police on site try to incapacitate Doctor Octopus with tear gas, but the villain begins whipping his mechanical arms around with enough force to blow the gas back in the faces of the soldiers. That's when Spider-Man arrives on the scene to try and stop Octopus. The villain then attempts to flee out the side of the building, but Spider-Man follows suit. On the roof, Spider-Man sprays webbing onto Doc's goggles, temporarily blinding him. In order to stop Spider-Man, Octavius threatens to drop the nullifier onto the crowd below. Realizing he will have to let his enemy go, Spider-Man tags Otto with a Spider-Tracer before leaping down to stop the falling nullifier from landing on anyone. As expected, Doctor Octopus makes his getaway.As the villain flees, he recounts his last battle with Spider-Man where they both found themselves trapped in an undersea hideout that was rapidly flooding with water. With Spider-Man pinned under tons of rubble, Doctor Octopus managed to escape by using his mechanical arms to keep him above water until he was able to procure diving gear and swim the rest of the way to freedom without drowning. Back at his new hideout, Otto discovers the Spider-Tracer and decides to set a suitable trap for his foe. Back at the exposition, Peter has changed out of his costume and rejoins Gwen and Professor Warren. He tells them that he was trying to find a camera to take photos of the situation for the Daily Bugle and is surprised when Gwen hugs him upon seeing that he is okay. Later, Professor Warren drops Peter and Gwen at the Coffee Bean to meet with the others. As Gwen exchanges pleasantries with Flash, and Mary Jane, Peter wonders why Harry is scowling at him. Before he can find out, Aunt May and Anna Watson arrive to tell Peter that they will be renting out a room so they can make extra money. Peter thinks it is a great idea, but warns his aunt to be careful about who she rents it out to. Peter decides to use this as an opportunity to track down Oct Ock, and tells his friends that he is going to walk his Aunt and Anna back home.By this time, Doctor Octopus has rigged up a dummy of himself to lure Spider-Man into a trap. Sure enough, when the web-slinger tracks his Spider-Tracer to the Doctor's hideout he is lured right to the location of the trap. However, Spidey's spider-sense warns him of trouble, and suspecting a trap, he tosses a web ball at the dummy of Doctor Octopus, setting off the explosives that it was rigged with. Watching the building explode from his hideout, Doctor Octopus assumes that Spider-Man has been destroyed. Needing to lay low, Doctor Octopus fades into the night to search for a place of lodging, unaware that Spider-Man is still alive. Meanwhile, the wall-crawler vows to track down Doctor Octopus no matter what, unaware that his foe is just now meeting with his Aunt May in order to rent out the room that she put out an advertisement for.Believing that Spider-Man is dead, Dr. Octopus decides to lay low for a while. Coincidentally enough, he ends up taking up residence at May Parker's home in the room she put up for rent. Setting up shop there, Octopus gets in touch with his men and gets them to organize once more. While at Peter's apartment he shares with Harry Osborn, tensions between Peter and Harry increase. After a quick trip to sell pictures of Dr. Octopus to Jameson, Peter visits Mary Jane and Gwen Stacy where both compete for a date with Parker, when Peter remembers he should check on his Aunt May to make sure everything is okay with the new boarder. When he arrives at his old home, he is shocked to find the boarder in question is his long time foe.Peter tries to warn Aunt May about how dangerous Octopus is, however Aunt May won't hear it, and when left alone with Octavius, the doctor warns Peter that his aunts life depends on him keeping his mouth shut. Of course, Octopus doesn't know that Parker is his old foe, and when Spider-Man arrives later that night to battle him, Octopus is shocked to see that his enemy survived their last battle.The Doctor's men arrive and there is a battle on the front lawn of the Parker house. When Aunt May is roused by the battle, she sees Octopus battling Spider-Man. When Octopus tells May that Spider-Man was trying to rob her home, she faints. Rushing to May's aid, Spider-Man is unable to stop Dr. Octopus from getting away. Changing back to his identity of Peter Parker, Peter calls for an ambulance and vows that he will get his revenge against Dr. Octopus.After Doctor Octopus caused his Aunt May to pass out, Spider-Man is now out for blood. He tears his way into one of the hideouts that Octopus set up when he was operating as he Mater Planner. He finds Octavius' minions, but not his foe. As Spider-Man dispatches the thugs, Doctor Octopus appears on a monitor and mocks Spider-Man. He tells the wall-crawler that he will never catch him and that he is about to stage the crime of the century before terminating communication. Furious, Spider-Man wrecks the equipment in the headquarters before departing. He decides to check the Master Planner's underwater headquarters but discovers that it is still flooded, another dead end. With no other leads, Spider-Man decides to return home and check on Aunt May.Meanwhile, John Jameson is having a secret meeting to discuss the security procautions being taken to ensure the transport of the nullifier isn't interrupted. When the officials ask about Spider-Man and Doctor Octopus trying to steal it, John assures them that Spider-Man is not the enemy, despite what his father's newspaper says about the wall-crawler. As he goes over the transport route, he is unaware that one of Otto's minions is in the room, having gained access to the meeting through false credentials. By this time, Peter Parker has arrived at the home that his Aunt May shares with Anna Watson. There he is happy to see that she is doing better, although she is troubled about the damage done to the house. When Peter blames it on Doctor Octopus, his aunt still thinks that Octavius is innocent and only reacted that way due to Spider-Man attacking him. He is then visited by both Mary Jane and Gwen Stacy who have come to see how Peter's aunt is doing, and to look at the damage done to the house. Peter worries that the insurance will not be able to cover the repair work. Back at his hideout, Doctor Octopus is given the route the military will be taking the nullifier through the city. Using a fake repair truck, Doctor Octopus and his minions speed off to steal the nullifier. As the escorted military truck is heading along its route, it happens upon some work being done on electrical cables below the street. As they slow down to pass the caution ropes, Doctor Octopus uses one of his tentacles to attack from the manhole he is hiding in. With his attack covered by smoke grenades, Doctor Octopus incapacitates all the vehicles and manages to steal the nullifier and escape. Otto orders his men to head for a munitions factory owned by Tony Stark, the first place he wants to test out the nullifier. Soon, J. Jonah Jameson arrives on the scene with Joe Robertson and Ned Leeds. Jonah pumps his son to find out if Spider-Man was involved, but there is no evidence to this fact. Jameson then tries to call Peter Parker to come down and take photos. His phone call is answered by Harry Osborn, who is upset at being woken up at 3 AM and angrily hangs up.When Spider-Man happens upon the scene, he sees that he was too late to stop Doctor Octopus. However, knowing his long time foe, he correctly deduces that Otto would use the Nullifier on the Stark Industries factory. Unafraid of interference from Iron Man, Doctor Octopus uses the Nullifier to incapacitate the guards that are at the front gates. He then increases the power of the device, rendering the factory inert. It's then that Spider-Man arrives on the scene, and begins fighting with Octavius. When the wall-crawler begins gaining the upper hand, Doctor Octopus uses the Nullifier on his foe. The device stuns Spider-Man, and when he recovers, Doctor Octopus is surprised to see that his enemy has been stricken by amnesia. Deciding to take advantage of this new development, Doctor Octopus convinces the disorientated hero that they are allies. No longer remembering who he is, the confused hero decides to believe Otto, believing that he has no other choice.Struck with amnesia from his exposure to a Nullifier device, Spider-Man is convinced by Doctor Octopus that he is one of his henchmen. Spider-Man then assists them to commit crimes, which make headlines. Spider-Man however, doesn't feel right about what he's doing. Meanwhile, Peter Parker's absence has gotten all his friends and family worried as they have no clue where he could have gone.Meanwhile, Doctor Octopus tries to get Spider-Man to unmask, but Spider-Man realizes that if they were really partners, Octopus would already know his secret identity. Spider-Man realizes that he's been tricked and battles Doctor Octopus. Meanwhile, the military has been tracking Spider-Man since his last theft netted Doctor Octopus' secret missile plans.During the fight, John Jameson manages to immobilize Doctor Octopus with the nullifier. When Dr. Octopus tries to talk Spider-Man into helping him get free, Spider-Man declines. He tells Jameson that he doesn't remember who he is, but he knows for sure that he's no partner of Octopus. When Octopus is taken into custody, Jameson asks Spider-Man to come with them as well. Spider-Man refuses and flees. Later, Spider-Man takes a look his reflection in the window hoping that it will remind him of who he is, but only sees a stranger looking back at him.As an amnesiac Spider-Man continues to puzzle over his true identity, and live on the streets, his Aunt May's health gets worse and she collapses. As the authorities and the military debate on how to deal with Spider-Man in light of his assisting Dr. Octopus in the recent past, J. Jonah Jameson is appalled that his own son is defending Spider-Man. When news of the arrival of Ka-Zar and his saber-tooth tiger Zabu in New York, Jameson hires Ka-Zar to track down the wall-crawler.Meanwhile, Harry Osborn searches Peter's room for some clue that could explain his disappearance and comes across a spider-tracer in Peter's closet. Soon news about Spider-Man's possible involvement in the disappearance of Peter Parker hit the press. When Spider-Man overhears the story, he goes to the police station where he admits to George Stacy, his daughter Gwen and John Jameson that he has amnesia and doesn't remember if he had anything to do with Parker's disappearance.With Ka-Zar tracking him, Spider-Man decides to visit the Daily Bugle figuring that maybe some newspaper clippings would reveal to him something that might bring back his memory. When confronting Jameson with the fact that he's an amnesiac, Jameson tries to trick Spider-Man into taking off his mask.Jameson is foiled when Ka-Zar and Zabu smash through the window and a fight between the trio begins. The battle takes them across the city, where eventually Spider-Man is knocked into a pond in Central Park and is knocked unconscious. With Ka-Zar a victor, he pulls Spider-Man out of the water, announcing that their battle is over, forever.Continued from last issue.. Having defeated Spider-Man in battle, Ka-Zar takes Spider-Man to the rooftops to learn the truth about why Jameson hired him to capture the wall-crawler. When Spider-Man revives, he finds that his memory has been restored, and so he tells the whole story. Ka-Zar believes Spider-Man but soon departs when Zabu is threatened by police officers in the area, Spider-Man slinks away during this altercation between the police and Ka-Zar.Meanwhile, Spencer Smythe has contacted J. Jonah Jameson because he has created a new Spider-Slayer robot for Jameson to use in his quest to capture Spider-Man. They send the robot out, which tracks Spider-Man down to his apartment where he is about to change back into Peter Parker. When he notices the robot, he battles it across the city. When Jameson proves unable to capture Spider-Man, Smythe takes control and sends the robot after Spider-Man determined to kill the wall-crawler. This is more than what Jameson wanted and calls Smythe on the fact that he intends to kill Spider-Man for his own revenge, instead of turning him over to the police.
However, Spider-Man manages to defeat the robot by luring it to a spider exhibit where it's spider-detecting device overloads and causes the robot to explode. With yet another failure with one of his Spider-Slayer robots, Smythe is thrown out of Jameson's office.Spider-Man returns to his apartment where he changes back to Peter Parker, on his way out to find out what happened to Aunt May in his absence. On his way out the door he bumps into Ka-Zar and Zabu, Ka-Zar tells the young man not to be afraid that they are only on an evening stroll.Spider-Man is on his way to go see his Aunt May in the hospital, when the police attempt to apprehend him, but he manages to get away. Finding out which room his Aunt May is in and switching back to his civilian guise, he goes and visits her. When the doctor reminds him that he's been a missing person for days, Peter goes to the police station to tell them what happened. There he explains that Spider-Man took him hostage while the hero was suffering from amnesia. When his memory returned, Peter was let go. This partially true explanation is accepted by Captain Stacey who reunites Peter with Gwen. Gwen is so happy to see him, that she kisses Peter on the lips, much to his surprise. The pair then meet up with the rest of their friends at the Coffee Bean. They decide to go and check out Gloom Room A-Go-Go, the new nightclub where Mary Jane works as a dancer. They are unaware that this club is secretly a front where a criminal scientist Gerhard Winkler is using brainwashing technology to get control of the most influential people in New York. To this end, his employer has Mary Jane snap photographs of people with a special camera that makes them return to the club later where Winkler brainwashes them to be subserviant to his employer. That evening, Mary Jane uses the camera on a local councilman, as well as Captain Stacy. Stacy tells everyone that he is going out for fresh air, but Gwen begins to worry about her father when he doesn't return. Peter, also finding it suspicious decides to go look for him -- but as Spider-Man. Spidey goes in back and catches Winkler in the process of brainwashing George Stacy, but before Spider-Man can stop him, he's grabbed by Winkler's employer: The Kingpin.While trying to stop Doctor Winkler from brainwashing Captain Stacy, Spider-Man is suddenly ambushed by Winkler's employer: The Kingpin. The fight is a short one when Spidey is thrown into one of the machines. The resulting jolt blurs his vision enough to make him ineffective in a fight, and so he flees. With Spider-Man gone, the Kingpin completes brainwashing Stacy and lets him go. Stacy meets up with Gwen and Harry who are being told by Mary Jane about Spider-Man's appearance at the club; George alleviates any concern they have about what happened. Meanwhile, Spider-Man struggles to get around the city due to his double vision. Realising web-slinging is too dangerous in this condition, he resigns to change back into his civilian guise so he can get home safely.That night, Peter has troubled dreams about what the Kingpin had done to Captain Stacy and decides to do something about it in the morning. When he wakes up, he finds his vision has improved, but it is still blurry. He then goes to the Stacy home where he asks to speak to Gwen's father. When Peter tries to confront George over what happened at the night club, Stacy attacks him, forcing Peter to defend himself. Gwen walks in on the situation, and her father accuses Peter of going mad and attacking him. When Peter tries to explain himself, Gwen is too upset to listen to him and tells him to leave and never see her again. Finally alone, George calls the Kingpin to advise him that Parker knows the truth. The Kingpin sends some men after Peter, though when they arrive only Harry is at home, so they instead wreck Peter and Harry's apartment.However, when the Kingpin's goons force their way into the apartment Peter shares with Harry Osborn, they only find Harry. This is because Peter is visiting his Aunt May in the hospital. When he finally returns home, he is shocked to see that these men trashed their apartment. After learning what has happened, Peter decides to trail Stacy as Spider-Man and learn what the Kingpin has ordered him to do. Spider-Man photographs Stacy going into police headquarters stealing protected documents. Setting up his camera, Spider-Man jumps through the window and tries to stop Stacy. While struggling with some of the Kingpin's men, the wall-crawler is unprepared when George strikes him over the head with his cane. With Spider-Man knocked out, Stacy and the goons flee, deciding to steal the files some other time. When Spider-Man recovers, he takes his camera and flees the scene.Examining his photos, Peter realises that he has evidence that will ruin any alibis that George Stacy might make, but debates what he should do with the photos. After much debate, Peter decides that giving the photos to the Daily Bugle to publish is the only way to stop the Kingpin and hopefully free Captain Stacy from his control. Jameson is excited to see the photos and orders a special edition to be published immediately. Some time later, Gwen collects the newspaper from her doorstep and is shocked to see the front page story about her father. She is in an even greater shock when she sees that the photos were taken by Peter Parker!When Gwen Stacy confronts her father about his involvement in the attempted theft of top secret plans, his brainwashing wears off and he tells her the truth of what happened. With George wanted by the police and slated to be killed by the Kingpin's men, they decide to try and flee the city. Peter, having deduced they may be in trouble from the Kingpin's men, comes to their rescue but arrives to find their home full of the Kingpin's goons. When Spidey defeats them, he finds that they have also been brainwashed and are useless for getting any more information from Kingpin.While elsewhere, Harry Osborn drives Mary Jane to the club where she dances as a Go-Go Girl and they find that it's been abruptly closed. Meanwhile, Harry's father is slowly beginning to regain his memories of being the Green Goblin when he sees an advertisement for a documentary about his alter-ego. Later, Norman shows up at his lab and yells at Dr. Winkler for going over his head in getting equipment, unaware that Winkler is hiding the Kingpin in his lab.After Osborn leaves, the Kingpin demands the death of the Stacy's and Peter Parker, the only people that can pin this recent crime on the Kingpin. As Peter develops a special gas mask to protect him from the Kingpin's gases and begins searching for any clue to his hide out, his men manage to stop Gwen and George at the airport.They are taken back to Osborn Industries and are about to be killed by a giant vat of a boiling hot chemical. This is interrupted by the arrival of both Norman Osborn and Spider-Man. The two fight off the Kingpin and his goons, and while Winkler is killed, and the Kingpin escapes, Spider-Man saves Gwen and George from a painful death. Afterward, the true story comes out and with Osborn's corroboration of the events, George Stacy's name is cleared of any wrong doing.While web-slinging through the city, Spider-Man's web is cut by Medusa's Mono Cruiser, and the two engage in a brief battle before it's learned that Medusa has come on a good will mission on behalf of the Inhuman nation. Spider-Man decides to live and let be having more important things to worry about. As Medusa is being convinced Montgomery G. Bliss, owner of Heavenly Hair-Spray, to partake in an advertising campaign -- Peter Parker tries to patch things up with Gwen, to no avail.When Medusa gets fed up of dealing with the fickleness of Bliss' corporate image, she goes on a rampage in his office before leaving. Spotting Spider-Man nearby, Bliss gets an idea to trick Spider-Man into a fight with Medusa and have a hidden camera man take pictures of the fight to try and salvage his campaign.Spider-Man takes the bait and attacks Medusa, however during their fight the truth comes out and Spider-Man lets Medusa free. Fed up with her treatment in New York, Medusa decides to leave and return to the hidden land. Spider-Man then ruins Bliss' hope of capitalizing on the photos by telling the press that Medusa was wild and out of control.Adrian Toomes, the original Vulture, had survived his brush with death and has escaped from prison. Taking on a spare Vulture costume, the original Vulture vows to get revenge on Blackie Drago. Meanwhile, Spider-Man seriously injures his arm while web-slinging on a rainy day. The Vulture then breaks into a nearby museum and steals back the Vulture costume once worn by Drago.The next day while Peter attends classes as usual and attempts to patch things up with Gwen, the Vulture drops in on the prison where Blackie Drago has been incarcerated. There he fights off inmates and guards alike and demands that Drago put on the spare costume, so that they may duel and learn which is the more superior fighter -- and therefore worthy of the title of the Vulture.While Peter makes a meeting with George Stacy, and Norman Osborn continues to struggle with reemerging memories of being the Green Goblin, the two Vultures fight high over the city. Peter learns about it while stopping by the Bugle and Jameson takes him up to the roof to take pictures of the fight.When a little boy is endangered in the battle, Peter abandons Jameson so he can slip away and change into Spider-Man and rescue the child. As Toomes knocks out Drago, Spider-Man saves the little boy. All this is watched by a furious Jameson who has no photographer to document this whole spectacle. With the boy taken to safety, and Drago was taken into police custody, who swears he will never put on the wings again. Spider-Man, who has seriously strained his already injured arm, is the only one capable of trying to stop Toomes, who is rushing towards the wall-crawler, bent on a fight to the finish.Spider-Man is fighting against the original Vulture. However, his ability to fight is hampered by an arm injury sustained in an earlier battle with Toomes. During the fight, J. Jonah Jameson grabs hold of Spider-Man so that the Vulture can finish him off. However this only succeeds in the Vulture using Spidey to attack Jameson and Joe Robertson, and Joe is injured. Spider-Man breaks free and webs up Jameson and checks to see if Joe is okay before leaving.Meanwhile, Gwen is told by her father (whose memories from when he was brainwashed have come back) that Peter never attacked him when he was under the Kingpin's influence, which brings Gwen happiness as she hopes to patch things up with Peter. However, her joy is replaced with worry when Betty Brant and Ned Leads tell Gwen that Peter was on the roof of the Bugle building when the Vultures attacked.While Spider-Man has continued his fight with the Vulture, the fight is taking much of his waning strength. However, Spidey manages to short circuit the Vulture's power pack, forcing him to flee. Exhausted after the fight, Spider-Man simply passes out in the middle of the road.Having passed out in the middle of the street following his fight with the Vulture, Spider-Man is taken into police custody, but George Stacy ensures that Spider-Man's mask is not removed, to protect his civil rights. Gwen looks for Peter, but can't find him and assumes the worst.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is transported to the local prison and put in the infirmary where he will be questioned when he revives. However, this never happens because the prisoners take over the prison and hold George Stacy hostage. Spider-Man revives and fights through all the cons and frees Stacy.Afterward, Stacy tries to appeal to Spider-Man to stay for questioning and to reveal his identity and try and prove that he is not a criminal. Spider-Man refuses, because of his concern over his Aunt May's safety should his identity become public knowledge. Spider-Man then leaves, and when a furious J. Jonah Jameson visits the prison after wanting to know why they let Spider-Man escape, the answer is straightforward: He stopped a prison break and diffuse a hostage situation.Mysterio has managed to break out of prison and is using his special effects prowess to prepare another plot to get revenge against Spider-Man. Meanwhile, Spidey recovers his clothes and camera left in the debris following his fight with the Vulture. The next day he tries to sell the pictures to Jameson. Furious that Parker "abandoned" him when he was supposed to be taking pictures of Spider-Man's battle with the Vulture, he throws Parker out of the building telling Peter that he doesn't need him to take pictures. However, when he gets the pictures some other photographer took for him of the battle, they are very poorly taken.Short on money, Peter is forced to sell his motorcycle in order to have money. He then is shocked when he sees Mysterio boldly walking the streets before he vanishes in a wisp of smoke. Shortly he is met by Gwen Stacy who has come to make up with him now that she knows the truth about the Kingpin's control over her father. They run into Harry who is worried about his father Norman who has disappeared. Nobody can figure that Osborn has been hiding out because his Green Goblin persona is returning, as well as his memories of Peter Parker's secret identity.Going to visit his Aunt May, he bursts in when he hears her cry out. He then sees that she was upset over a Mysterio appearing on television. Mysterio issues a challenge to Spider-Man to meet him to a fight to the finish or he will start destroying the cities bridges. Peter leaves his Aunt and changes into Spider-Man. He then goes to the first place that he fought Mysterio and the two are locked in a battle. During this fight, Spider-Man is knocked out by a blast. When he revives it appears that he has been shrunk down in size and put on the set of a miniature amusement park with a giant Mysterio looming over him.Spider-Man appears to have been shrunk down in size and put in a miniature amusement park. A now giant Mysterio attacks the wall-crawler wherever he goes, Spidey not only has to dodge Mysterio's clutching hands, but also avoid all the traps that the master of special effects has set up in the place. While back at the Parker home, Aunt May's health continues to make her weaker and her doctor advises her to stay in bed. At the Daily Bugle Jameson is furious that there has been no news about Mysterio since he issued his challenge to Spider-Man.As Spider-Man fights through a deadly hall of mirrors and various other traps, Gwen Stacy visits her father. When the phone rings, Gwen hopes it's Peter, but it turns out to be only Joe Robertson checking to see if there's been any new word on Mysterio. Joe has to go when his son Randy comes to his father for help.Back at Mysterio's hide out, Spider-Man realizes that he's been played for a fool, that the whole time he wasn't shrunk down in size fighting on a miniature set, but actually fighting on a gigantic set fighting a giant robot of Mysterio. He singles out Mysterio's location, hidden in a ride. Smashing into it, Spider-Man makes short work out of Mysterio. He then torches Mysterio's gear and leaves him for the police to pick up. On his way back home, he happens to take note of a student protest at E.S.U.The Kingpin is preparing to steal an ancient clay tablet which holds a great and invaluable secret when he learns that it is being currently kept on display at Empire State University. While after a bout of web-slinging, Spider-Man changes to Peter Parker and goes to attend his classes at ESU. There he meets Joe Robertson's son Randy, and his friend Josh. Josh tells him that the ex-hall is being turned into a private dorm for visiting alumni who have come to study the tablet, and hence the cause for students to be protesting because the dorms are supposed to be reserved for needy students who benefit from their low rents.At the Bugle, Jameson is even more furious that they didn't get the scoop on the Spider-Man/Mysterio battle, and begins to realize that maybe he acted too harshly in kicking Peter Parker out of the building the last time he was in to sell pictures. When Peter Parker and Gwen visit Aunt May, May pretends to be in better health than she really is so as not to spoil the young lovers' happiness.Later, when the students put on their demonstration in front of the dorm, Josh stirs the crowd up the point where they all agree to take over the hall until the faculty listens to their demands. This brings not only the police but the Kingpin and his men. The Kingpin decides to use the chaos caused by the protest to steal the ancient tablet. Peter happens to spot the Kingpin entering the building and changes into Spider-Man and goes after them. After a brief battle with the Kingpin and his men, Spider-Man has to break off to save Randy from a crumbling wall. When Spidey tries to go after Kingpin and his men, he realized that it's too late and they've managed to escape. To make matters worse, all the student protesters have been arrested in connection with the theft. Spider-Man decides to track down the Kingpin so that he can clear their names.As Spider-Man scours the city for the Kingpin after the crime-boss stole an ancient clay tablet, Joe Robertson meets with his son who is in police custody when he and some other student protesters were arrested in connection with the theft. When Gwen Stacy arrives at the police station, she slaps one of the protesters in the face when he calls Peter a coward. When she tells her father about it, he asks her if maybe she was more worried that it's truth, a question which Gwen isn't sure of the answer.Meanwhile, Spider-Man continues his search for the Kingpin's hideout, and manages to find it thanks to his spider-sense. After a lengthy battle against the Kingpin and his goons, Spider-Man manages to defeat the Kingpin when he shoots a web at his cane weapon, causing it to back fire and explode, knocking the Kingpin out.Peter chases after the Kingpin's goons to collect the tablet as the police arrive and arrest the Kingpin. The crime-boss allows for it, as he knows that they will not be able to hold him. Kingpin also makes some comments which lead the police to believe that Spider-Man and the Kingpin were working together. When Spider-Man recovers the tablet and tries to give it to the police officers, they believe the wall-crawler is about to attack them and shoot at him. Spider-Man escapes, however it is the final straw, and Spider-Man vows that if he's going to be treated as a menace, then he might as well become one.Spider-Man has in his possession a clay tablet which the Kingpin is seeking to obtain. The Kingpin learns about this when the story makes the front page of the Daily Bugle from his prison cell. The wall-crawler meanwhile is trying to think about what to do with the tablet when he's shot at by a police officer. Disarming the officer, Peter returns to his apartment and stashes the tablet there before calling it a night. The next day he's told off by Gwen for not calling him and she confronts him with the fact that she thinks he's a coward. While at police headquarters, the dean meets with the protesters who have been arrested, and the dean informs them that he has decided to allow the Ex Hall to become a dorm for under privileged students.Meanwhile, the Kingpin manages to escape from prison and resumes his criminal operations and alerts his men that Spider-Man has the tablet. Peter has meanwhile resumed his identity of Spider-Man and is out trying to find some answers as to what the inscriptions on the tablet mean. This puts him into conflict with the Kingpin's goons, and eventually the Kingpin himself. When Spider-Man is winning the fight, he is about to grab the Kingpin when a car from the Daily Bugle driven by Ned Leeds and Jameson cut in front of him. This allows the Kingpin to get away. Furious Spider-Man grabs Jameson and begins telling him off. The frightened Jameson faints, and Spider-Man gets control of himself and flees the scene.As he gets away, he realizes if Jameson dies of a heart-attack, he's going to be labeled a murderer and realizes that if that happens he really will become everything that the Bugle has reported about him.As Peter returns to his apartment and mulls over the fact that he was responsible for giving J. Jonah Jameson a good scare as Spider-Man, he almost blows his secret identity when Harry abruptly returns home.Meanwhile, having escaped the destruction of Magneto's fortress, Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch and the Toad debate on what to do now that they are outcasts. Quicksilver believes that the Avengers will take them in and runs to New York to find them. However, upon arriving at Avengers Mansion, he learns from Jarvis that they are away on a mission in Africa. Debating on what to next, Quicksilver learns the Spider-Man is considered a fugitive of the law. He decides to bring Spider-Man to justice as it may be a way to exonerate himself and his sister in the eyes of the world following their recent alliance with Magneto.Later, Peter arrives at the Bugle to sell his pictures of Spider-Man's battle with the Kingpin. There he finds that Joe Robertson has taken charge of the Bugle while Jonah is in the hospital. When Joe sees that the photos show that Spider-Man was trying to prevent the Kingpin from stealing the tablet, he demands the presses be stopped to send this out as an exclusive. Peter is also surprised by the very generous payment for the photos.Peter then changes into Spider-Man and delivers the tablet to George Stacy. When Stacy tries to stop Spider-Man to talk to him Spidey can't stop and leaves. On his way home, Spider-Man is so absorbed in how he's going to spend his money that he is taken by surprise when Quicksilver (unaware that Spider-Man's been cleared of any wrong doing) attacks him. Spidey proves to be no match for Quicksilver's superior speed. As their battle rages on, the front page story about Spider-Man's innocence gets to Jameson who freaks out.Back at the battle between Spider-Man and Quicksilver, Spider-Man finally gets his bearings and uses his spider-sense and Quicksilver's arrogance to his advantage, and knocks the wind out of the speedster. When the police close in to arrest both super-humans, Spider-Man lifts Quicksilver to safety. When Quicksilver revives he realizes what Spider-Man did for him and the two call a truce, and they part as friends.The Shocker has returned, and his first theft is of the clay tablet in the possession of George Stacy. After easily knocking out Stacy, the Shocker steals the tablet from Stacy's safe. He then finds his underworld connection and tells him (Rather violently) that he will sell the tablet to the highest bidder.When Peter Parker learns of the theft he goes looking for his old foe as Spider-Man. He finds the Shocker and tries to capture him, but the Shocker proves too much for the wall-crawler and manages to escape. Peter resumes his civilian guise so that he can see his Aunt May off on her vacation to Florida. Peter also happens upon an article about Curt Connors in the Bugle and muses about his last encounter with the Lizard, and how great it would be to work for Connors. While Jameson, still recovering in the hospital is fuming about another front page headline that reports Spider-Man in a positive light.When Peter later meets up with Gwen, they are surprised to see Flash Thompson is back in town on leave. However, when Flash makes a harmless flirtatious remark towards her Peter loses his temper. Which upsets both Flash and Gwen who leaves Peter to mull over his current relationship problems.When the Shocker attacks his next target: an armored car. Spider-Man manages to defeat the Shocker and stop him from stealing the armored car's payroll. After webbing up the Shocker, one of the guards aboard the truck shoots at Spider-Man, forcing him to flee. Although he stopped the Shocker, Spider-Man finds it a hollow victory because Gwen's still mad at him, and he didn't get a single picture of his fight against the Shocker.Spider-Man has come to the Stacy home to ask George Stacy if he can provide any clues about where the Shocker may have taken the tablet stolen from his home. After overhearing Gwen talking about Peter to her father, Spider-Man makes his presence known to Stacy, after some consideration George gives Spider-Man the only lead he can think of: The address of the Shocker's ex-girlfriend.Spider-Man arrives at the girls house to find that it's being torn apart by Man-Mountain Marko, an enforcer for the crime boss Silvermane. As the two duke it out, another one of Silvermane's goons, Cesare Cicero bails out one of Kingpin's men to decipher the tablet. Back at the Shocker's ex-girlfriends place, Man-Mountain Marko is put on the ropes by Spider-Man. While at the Bugle, Jameson returns to work to tell Joe Robertson about the positive press his newspaper has been giving Spider-Man. Robertson tells Jameson that Jameson is entitled to write all the editorials he wants, but as long as he's city editor for the paper, he will report the facts as they are.The fight between Marko and Spider-Man ends when Marko throws the Shocker's ex out the window, forcing Spider-Man to save her life while Marko makes off with the tablet. As Silvermane has the Kingpin's man translate the tablet, Spider-Man returns home and changes to Peter Parker where he remembers he was going to call Curt Connors at home. He learns from his wife that Connors was taken from their home a few days prior by a bunch of unknown men. Little does Peter know that Connors has been brought in by Silvermane to assist with the tablet in some way. Connors warns Silvermane that he should not be kept prisoner because it's dangerous, but refuses to elaborate.Silvermane has demanded that Curt Connors assist in deciphering the tablet that he has stolen. Connors is locked in the room with the Kingpin's henchman Wilson. The stress of the whole episode causes Curt to begin to change into the Lizard, a transformation he can suppress with great difficulty.When Silvermane's mouthpiece Caesar Cicero kidnaps the Connors family, Spider-Man tracks him down and fights off his Maggia thugs. However Cicero manages to escape and when he sets off a bomb in his hideout, he (incorrectly) believes Spider-Man to be dead. Resuming his identity of Peter Parker because he has to attend class, Peter is distant to everyone who tries to talk to him.Meanwhile, Connors and Wilson have cracked the secret of the tablet and provided what Silvermane seeks: A potion which will reverse the aging process and make him a young man once more. When Silvermane ingests the potion he passes out. When Marko believes that Connors really poisoned Silvermane, he is about to pummel the scientist when suddenly Silvermane rises announcing that the potion worked. Marko looks over his shoulder and sees that Silvermane has been reduced in age to a man in his prime.Having drunk the elixir of life, Silvermane has reversed his age to that of a man in his prime. And when Ceasar tries to convince Marko that the young man is not Silvermane, but an impostor, Silvermane lashes out at them. Suddenly Spider-Man arrives after having beaten the location of Silvermane's base out of some of his Maggia goons.Spider-Man makes short work of Marko but has to fight Silvermane who has de-aged once more to a man in his twenties. Connors, who has been fighting a transformation back into the Lizard, flees but finally cannot hold back the transformation any longer and changes back into the monster he loathes. The Lizard then makes a break for it and escapes he Maggia hideout.As Spider-Man fights both the revitalized Silvermane and his Maggia troops, Silvermane is shocked to find that he's still getting younger by the minute and flees the room. Spider-Man finishes off the rest of the Maggia grunts and then goes after Silvermane, and watches as the once fearsome crime boss de-ages past infancy until he finally becomes nothing but a memory.Spider-Man frees the Connors family and vows to them that he will find Curt and that if he has become the Lizard again, cure him. While elsewhere, the Lizard takes full control of Connor's body again, this time vowing to fight to remain the Lizard, forever.With the Lizard on the rampage, all the beast can remember is it's defeat at the hands of Spider-Man and vows to get revenge against the wall-crawler. Meanwhile, Spidey helps the Connors find a safe hotel room to hide in and vows to Martha and Billy that he will find Curt and change him back to human form. He then returns home and returns to his guise of Peter Parker. He checks on his Aunt May who is resting in Florida and briefly runs into Harry, who's looking to shoot the breeze with his roommate, but as usual, Pete is on his way out. Peter later visits the Stacy home and meets with Gwen, who asks Peter to share his secret with her because his disappearances have gone on far too long. Peter promises he'll tell her soon, but not yet. Before going out on a date, they are interrupted by George Stacy and Joe Robertson, who has been talking about Spider-Man. George asks Peter to come back sometime soon and discuss what he knows about Spider-Man, having taken so many pictures of the wall crawler.The next morning, when Peter hears reports of a giant lizard on the radio, he goes out on the prowl as Spider-Man in hopes of capturing the Lizard before anyone else does. Sure enough, Spider-Man finds the Lizard. However, he is so determined to not to hurt his friend, Curt Conners, that the Lizard manages to overpower the wall-crawler and beat him close to submission. As the Lizard dangles Spider-Man over the edge of a building, the Human Torch arrives just in time to "save" Spider-Man, and ruin his plan to lure the Lizard down the side of the building. After bringing Spider-Man back to the rooftop, the Torch decides to fight the Lizard on the wall-crawlers behalf. Spider-Man seems powerless to stop what he thinks will be the destruction of the Lizard, as well as its alter ego, Curt Conners.The Human Torch has gotten in the middle of Spider-Man's fight with the Lizard and is bent on destroying the creature, unaware that Spider-Man wants to avoid such a conclusion. Try as the Torch might to try and stop the Lizard, Spider-Man stops him from causing the Lizard any harm. Meanwhile, Billy Connors, having heard of the Torch's inclusion in the battle goes after the fight to try and talk the Human Torch into not hurting his father.Their fight takes them to the water front, where the Lizard is knocked into the water and is knocked out from the excessive heat of the Torch's flames and Spider-Man's struggle with the Lizard underwater. When Spidey pulls the Lizard out of the water, he finally convinces the Torch to buzz off by pretending that he has "Spider-Sonic Hearing" and picked up a distress signal from the Fantastic Four, prompting the Torch to leave to help out his comrades.Spidey then carries the Lizard to what he thinks is a safe place and begins looking for something that will change the Lizard back into Curt Connors. When Billy arrives on the scene, the Lizard breaks free and threatens the boy. Spider-Man uses a dehydrating powder on the Lizard, causing the creature to change back into Connors. With the Lizard once more defeated, Connors is reunited with his family, who once more thank Spider-Man for helping them. Afterwords, Spider-Man returns to the city where he wonders what will happen when the Torch realizes he's been tricked.Swinging through the city, Spider-Man is lost in thought, thinking over the past couple of days. When he stops to call Gwen, he's hassled by a man who wishes to use the phone booth that he's using. When the man realizes that Spider-Man is using the booth, he runs off scared. Alas, it's for naught, because when Peter asks Gwen to meet with him, she tells him she's busy, Pete completely unaware that she has Flash Thompson over for a visit. Web-Slinging back to the apartment he shares with Harry Osborn, Peter has to wait outside while he waits for Harry to get off the phone with Mary Jane and retires for the night before re-entering his apartment.Peter tries to study but finds that he cannot get Gwen off the brain, and decides to go and see her anyway, coming up with an excuse for his visit. However, along the way, he spies Gwen with Flash Thompson when he walks past the Coffee Pot Cafe. Unaware that she's seeking advice about Peter and his secret, Peter assumes that the two of them have become an item and storms off. When two tough guys try to give him trouble, he unconsciously brushes them off with his spider-strength before he realizes what he's done, and rushes home.Meanwhile, Hobie Brown, a young African-American inventor who has to work as a window cleaner to support himself and his girlfriend is cleaning the Daily Bugle Building. However, J. Jonah Jameson comes and asks him why he's been daydreaming at one window for so long. Hobie's racist boss enters the room and the trio gets into an argument about Hobie's job (Jameson siding with Hobie.) Eventually, Hobie gets his fill and quits. Finally fed up with his constant struggles to make ends meet when he has such a brilliant mind, Hobie converts specially made talons and fluid shooters which he created for his window cleaning job into instruments for crime and makes a costume. Thus, the Prowler is born.As Peter unsuccessfully tries to get a loan from J. Jonah Jameson, the Prowler attacks the Bugle building in order to score some publicity. When Peter's spider-sense warns him of the Prowler's presence, he decides that he doesn't have time to change into Spider-Man and goes to find out what's going on. He finds the Prowler in the process of stealing the payroll bag from one of the officers. Peter tries to stop the Prowler, but Jameson suddenly enters the room to see what all the commotion is. Peter is now in a dilemma because any feat of strength could possibly tip Jameson off to his secret identity.While struggling with the Prowler, Peter Parker has to curb any feats of strength when J. Jonah Jameson bursts in the room. Peter allows the Prowler to toss him out of a window and uses his spider-powers to avoid falling to his death. The Prowler, only wanting to steal the Bugle payroll, is mortified that he will be labeled a murderer tries to escape and comes face to face with Spider-Man. After a battle in which Spider-Man has the advantage, the Prowler manages to get away when he blasts Spider-Man in the face with gas.Spidey then changes back to Peter Parker and returns to the inside of the Bugle building, telling Johan and Joe Robertson that he was saved by Spider-Man. Jameson is only interested in possible pictures Peter could have taken of Spider-Man fighting the Prowler, but Robertson, seeing that Peter is exhausted, sends the young man home. As Peter sleeps, his mind reels over his life, while the Prowler returns home and changes back into his civilian identity. Hobbie vows to make it rich as the Prowler so he can live a life of luxury with his girlfriend Mindy, and vows that is Spider-Man gets in his way, he will defeat him.The next day, while Peter is on the campus of ESU he is confronted by Gwen, who is upset with him ignoring her, he confronts her with the fact that he saw her out with Flash Thompson the night before and leaves before she has a chance to explain.Later that night as a brooding Peter Parker watches the news, he sees a report about the Prowler striking again and decides to deal with this new menace once and for all. This time preparing himself with a gas filter against the Prowler's gas launcher, Spidey also makes a brief stop at a pharmacy to get film for his camera. He then spots the Prowler robbin the Smith Bros. jewelry shop. Setting up his camera, Spider-Man battles the Prowler. This time the Prowler's gas does not effect the web-slinger and he easily defeats the Prowler.When he unmasks him and realizes that he is a young man the same age as him, Spidey has no heart to turn the disenfranchised Hobbie over to the authorities. Spider-Man decides that since Hobbie never stole anything or hurt anyone to let him go if he goes on the straight and narrow and takes good care of his girlfriend. Happy that he is not going to jail, Hobbie promises just that, and Spider-Man departs.At his apartment mulling over how to deal with what he believes is a relationship going on between Flash Thompson and Gwen Stacy, Harry comes home with Flash. Peter loses his temper and almost pummels his former rival when Flash explains the truth of what happened: That Gwen came to him for advice over her troubled relationship with Peter. Realizing what a fool he's made of himself, Peter calls Gwen to apologize and the two make up and agree to go to the Midtown Museum exhibit where her father is in charge of guarding priceless paintings. Peter rushes there as Spider-Man so he can meet Gwen on time.When Peter and Gwen steal a kiss, Peter's spider-sense goes off but it appears to only be George Stacy, although Peter finds it strange that George walked by as if he didn't recognize it. When the painting that was on display turns out to be stolen, Peter and Gwen realize that George is nowhere to be found. They rush back to the Stacy home where they find a dazed and confused George Stacy with no recollection of making it out to the museum.In reality, the "George Stacy" at the museum is really the Chameleon, who had disguised himself as Stacy to steal the painting, and now gloats over his victory in his secret hide out. That night Peter mulls over who could have possibly framed George Stacy and comes to the conclusion that it could only have been his old foe, the Chameleon.Web-slinging to the Daily Bugle, Spider-Man asks Joe Robertson's help to make a special transfer of a million dollars worth of bonds the front page of the next edition in the hopes that it will flush out the Chameleon. There, Peter is assigned as a photographer under the watch of J. Jonah Jameson. However, Peter slips off to change into Spider-Man and begins looking for the Chameleon. He interrupts the meeting and is disappointed when all the men transferring the money are not the Chameleon. However, Spidey finally spots the Chameleon because he made the mistake of disguising himself as the one person Spider-Man would know has to be a fake: Peter Parker.Spider-Man chases after "Parker" who tries to get away, however, Spider-Man captures the Chameleon, and unmasks him, clearing George Stacy's name. After mocking Jameson at the scene, Spider-Man flees the scene without explaining how he knew that the Chameleon was disguised as Parker.Running late to meet his Aunt May who is on her way back from a trip to Florida, Peter resorts to web-slinging across the city as Spider-Man. Arriving at the train station, May confuses Peter's perspiration as illness and demands that she looks after him. The two are unaware that a man named the Kangaroo is about to be deported back to Australia. Peter soon does know, when the men moving the Kangaroo out of the country are suddenly attacked by the man, who exhibits abilities the same as his name sake, and manages to escape.As Peter is stuck at Aunt May's, with Aunt May doting over him, Peter finds himself "confined" to a bed. When news of the Kangaroo stealing an experimental bacteria hit the air-waves, Peter decides he must act. He makes a dummy out of webbing in the hopes that it will fool Aunt May while he's off fighting the Kangaroo as Spider-Man. However, when May comes to give Peter some cold medication, the sight of the web-dummy frightens her into a fainting spell.Meanwhile, Spider-Man battles the Kangaroo across the city and manages to recover the vial of the bacterium before it can get broken open by accident. Although the Kangaroo escapes, Spider-Man returns the stolen viral agent back to the authorities. He then realizes how late it is and rushes back to Aunt May's house before she discovers his hoax. He arrives to find her passed out on the bed. Spider-Man quickly changes back to his civilian guise and disposes of the web-dummy. When Aunt May revives, she dismisses the whole thing as her imagination and believes that she must be getting senile in her old age. Peter blames himself, and Spider-Man, for once more being the root cause of the problems in his personal life.With the bills mounting up it's just another problem adding up for Peter Parker. Still visiting his Aunt May and blaming himself for her recent fainting spell, Peter is visited by Mary Jane and her Aunt Anna. Gwen then calls and invites Peter out to Flash Thompson's farewell party (who is returning to duty in Vietnam.) When out trying to find crimes in hopes of taking pictures of Spider-Man in action, all Peter gets for his trouble is being doused with soot from the smoke stack.When swinging by a television station, Spider-Man decides that maybe he should try his luck at show business and bursts in on a group of network executives in a meeting and offers the chance to appear on one of their late night talk shows. Believing that it could mean big ratings, the men agree to put Spider-Man on as a guest on the Midnight Show, a popular late night talk show.Unaware to Spider-Man, Max Dillon -- his old foe Electro -- has been released on parole and has been given a job at the television studio as an electrician. He is furious that he has to report to a parole officer all the time, and is aching to get back into the world of costumed villainy. That night when listening to one of J. Jonah Jameson's televised editorials, speaking out against Spider-Man's appearance on the show, Dillon finds a good excuse to get back into action as Electro.As Peter's financial woes get the better of him, causing him to snap at another one of Flash's harmless flirtations towards Gwen, he storms out of the going away party. Jameson meanwhile is visited by Electro who offers to defeat Spider-Man during his television appearance for a thousand dollars, in exchange for good press to make him sound as though he's a hero. Gwen catches up with Peter, where they talk about his insecurities and inability to balance his life and they make up once more. At that same time, Jameson is getting Joe Robertson and George Stacy to join him for that evenings taping of the Midnight Show, Joe is a little more than suspicious of Jameson's interest in the show.A while later, Peter learns when he has to appear on the Midnight Show as Spider-Man but realizes his costume is still a mess. Although the whole experience is embarrassing, Peter puts on a disguise (including a paper bag over his head) so he can go to the laundromat to clean his Spider-Man's Suit.That night at the Midnight Show, his interview is cut short when Electro attacks. Although the audience flees, Jonah stays on location to watch the fight. Spider-Man manages to defeat Electro by swinging his foe into some live wires causing a short circuit which knocks both of them out. Electro manages to escape, and Spider-Man decides to slink off as well because he will certainly not be paid after all this. Upon getting home, on top of all his other problems, Peter finds that parts of his costume have been burnt, as well as his own hands. Feeling the defeat, he resigns himself to bed.A new criminal known as the Schemer has risen in the ranks of organized crime and seeks to eliminate his primary competition for control of the underworld: The Kingpin. When the Schemer's men attack one of the Kingpin's trucks, Peter Parker is in the area and stops the violence as Spider-Man (taking much needed pictures) before departing when the police arrive. Meanwhile, at the home of the Kingpin, his wife Vanessa shows him a newspaper article about how their son, Richard, had gone missing in the Swiss Alps. The idea that their son committed suicide because of his father's connection to organized crime angers the Kingpin.Meanwhile, Peter tries to sell his pictures to the Bugle, and is met with minimal success selling them. With money as tight as it is, he goes to see Aunt May's doctor to insure him that he's good for the bill, albeit eventually. Dr. Bromwell alleviates some of the stress on Peter when he tells him that Aunt May's health insurance will cover most of her medical costs.As the Schemer gains a new ally in one of the Kingpin's men who has defected to the Schemer's organization, Peter and his friends bid farewell to Flash Thompson who is going back to Vietnam. Later as Peter and Gwen are strolling through the streets, Peter is about to confide in Gwen that he's really Spider-Man. At that moment, the Schemer's men attack another one of the Kingpin's trucks. When it's jackknifed off the road, it pins Peter and Gwen under it. Gwen is knocked out and Peter uses his spider-strength to get them out of anymore harms way.After tagging the Schemer's getaway vehicle with a spider-tracer, Peter accompanies Gwen to the hospital. When Gwen is in stable condition, Peter goes into action as Spider-Man and uses his spider-tracer to track down the Schemer's lair. There Spider-Man fights off the Schemer's men, however, when he gets to the Schemer himself, the crook traps Spider-Man in a pressing device. Spider-Man manages to break free, but the Schemer managed to escape.With no leads to go on, Spider-Man changes back into Peter Parker and goes back to Gwen in the hospital. Gwen has just come out of her coma and is upset that Peter wasn't there by her side. She asks her father to escort Peter away. As they are leaving, George tries to console Peter telling him that Gwen will be in a better mood the next day. Before leaving, Peter almost lets slip to George that he's really Spider-Man, before catching himself and quickly departing.While out looking for the Schemer, Spider-Man takes note of a reward for his captured which is listed in the newspaper, and notes that it's not a reward being offered by the police. When Spider-Man tries to scare information out of one of the Schemer's men, it leads him nowhere because the Schemer has insured that his men don't know his secret location. Giving up for the night, he changes back to Peter Parker and decides to pay a visit to Gwen who is recovering at home following her release from the hospital.At first, Gwen gives him a cold reception because of his leaving her at the hospital, however as they discuss just how Peter managed to not be harmed in the accident is too close for the Stacy's learning the truth about his secret identity that Peter makes an excuse for an abrupt departure.Meanwhile, the Schemer had decided to come out of hiding after increased media coverage asking for his capture. He goes to one of the Kingpin's building and attacks the men there and tells them that his next target is their boss. When word gets back to the Kingpin, he vows to crush the Schemer, in spite of the fact that his wife Vanessa does not approve.Later, Spider-Man is swinging through the city looking for traces of the Schemer, when he overhears some thugs talk about his specially modified vehicle. Finding, Spider-Man tries to chase him down by fails. The Schemer soon arrives at the Kingpin's mansion and confronts the crime boss. When Vanessa gets in the middle of their fight, she sees something in the Schemer that causes her to pause. Before she can tell the Kingpin just what she sees, Spider-Man bursts in. This causes a fight between the Kingpin and Spider-Man, which ends when the Kingpin realizes that the Schemer took his wife and escapes. Spider-Man collects his camera but feels no victory because the Schemer manages to get away once again.The Kingpin has gone after the Schemer who he believes kidnapped his wife, however, in the secret tunnel in his mansion, he finds that Vanessa is alive and well and not a prisoner of his underworld rival. While the fleeing Schemer wrecks his car and has to go to a nearby supply house to get parts to repair it.While at the apartment that Peter Parker shares with Harry Osborn, Peter mulls over his studies while thinking about how he's so broke he can't afford a present for Gwen's upcoming birthday. He's roused from his work when Gwen and her father come by for a visit and start asking him questions about his connection with Spider-Man. George is suspicious about how Peter can be present so many times when Spider-Man is in action. Using the fact that he has pictures to develop as an excuse to go into his dark room, Peter quickly changes into Spider-Man and enters in through another window. Pretending to be a different person, Spidey demands to see Peter Parker for his cut of the money for the pictures that Parker takes. The Stacy's fall for it, and "cover" for Peter by telling Spider-Man that he isn't there. Satisfied that his secret is safe, Spider-Man departs and waits for the Stacy's to leave.When Peter's photos reach the Bugle and are published, the Kingpin is furious when one of the photos shows Vanessa helping the Schemer to escape, the Kingpin demands answers from his wife. Elsewhere, Spider-Man finds the Schemer's wrecked car, but it self-destructs when Spidey tries to tamper with it. He tracks the Schemer down to the supply warehouse where they have a fight. As Spider-Man succeeds in capturing the Schemer, Gwen and George Stacy return to Parker's home to find it empty. They wonder if Peter was either kidnapped or willingly left with Spider-Man, this prompts George to call the local precinct.When turning over the Schemer to the location of the reward, Spider-Man soon finds the "police" there are not real, but henchmen of the Kingpin and the "precinct" he's at is really a property owned by the crime boss himself. The Kingpin nets Spider-Man and he battles the Schemer. Easily overpowering the Schemer, the Kingpin demands to know who he is. The Schemer reveals himself to be the Kingpin's own son, who faked his own death for the purpose of crippling his father's criminal empire due to his shame of their ill gotten fortune. Confronted with his son, and unwilling to accept the fact that he's still alive, the Kingpin goes into a catatonic state.Spider-Man breaks free of his net, and the Kingpin's family in the state their in decides that there is nothing else for him to do and departs.On his way home following his battle with the Kingpin and the Schemer, Spider-Man just misses running into the Black Widow. The Widow gets a sudden inspiration to try and find a way to combine Spider-Man's powers with her own abilities. She returns to her home where she decides to abandon her old costume. After recalling her recent past, she decides to design a new costume, as part of her "rebirth."Meanwhile, Spidey is about to enter his apartment when he spies Harry Osborn, Gwen and George Stacy waiting for him. Sneaking some clothing, Spidey changes back into Peter Parker and enters the apartment. When Gwen sees the bruises on his face, she demands to know what sort of trouble he's in. When Peter isn't forthcoming with answers, she tells him not to call her until he can promise not to get involved with Spider-Man ever again, and leaves with her father.As the Black Widow prepares to go out searching for Spider-Man to prove who is the better, Peter can't study because he feels as though he's getting groggy. He goes out web-slinging, but has to pause to rest and has the poor fortune to take a breather on the Daily Bugle building and trades barbs with Jameson. Checking in on his Aunt May, he accidentally startles her when she sees Spider-Man in the window.Returning to the city, Spider-Man is attacked by the Black Widow, they have a brief battle where the Widow gains the upper hand and ropes up Spider-Man. However, Spider-Man manages to break free and gum up her venom-sting bracelets with his webbing. However, before he can do anything else she flees the fight. Later she decides that she was wrong to try and get the secrets to Spider-Man's powers, and that her own abilities are unique to her and that she should forge her own destiny.Finally, Spider-Man begins to get very ill and returns home. There he takes a look at his blood in a microscope. His research finds that his spider-powers are once more beginning to fade. Now posed with what he's always wanted: A life free of the responsibility that comes with being Spider-Man, is this what he truly wants?Coming to the conclusion that his spider-powers are fading for good, the ailing Peter Parker realizes that today is Gwen Stacy's birthday and he hasn't been able to get her a gift. In a moment of desperation, he uses his fading spider-powers to steal a pearl necklace from the jewelry store but stops himself at the last moment.As Gwen's birthday party begins, Gwen becomes aware of Peter's absence and begins to get upset. The party is then suddenly shocked when Peter enters the party, Spider-Man mask in hand and tells everyone that because his powers are fading, he can finally reveal that he's Spider-Man. When George Stacy points out that Peter is feverish and sick, Peter realizes that he's putting Gwen through enough distress to cause hysteria and flees. After Peter's gone, Harry chalks it all up as a hoax put on by Peter, relating to the time when Peter "pretended" to be Spider-Man in order to save Betty Brant from Dr. Octopus. Gwen however, isn't quite convinced.Deciding he needs medical help right away, Peter changes into Spider-Man so that he's treated more seriously when he explains his situation. When Spidey is seen by a doctor, the doc tells the wall-crawler that he's just getting over a bout of the flu bug and nothing more. Realizing that his powers are returning to normal as his immune system fights off the flu, Peter realizes what a bonehead move he's made and decides to come up with a way to make certain that nobody believes that he's really Spider-Man.Taking off his costume and disguising his face, Peter visits Hobie Brown and asks him to help fool everyone into once more believing that Peter Parker and Spider-Man are two different people. Peter then goes to visit Stacy's home and explains to Gwen, George, Mary Jane and Harry that he was in a fever state and didn't know what he's saying. When Gwen doesn't immediately believe Peter, Hobie (dressed in Spider-Man's costume) enters through the window and his performance in front of everyone convinces the others that Peter's story is true. His mission accomplished, Hobie leaves the scene and stashes Spider-Man's costume where he was told. Afterwards, Peter departs from the Stacy home, secure in the fact that his secret identity has been protected, but still has an uneasy feeling as though he's walking on eggshells.When the mechanical arms of Dr. Octopus are put on display at New York's Museum of Natural Science, Otto Octavius uses his mental link to them to command them to go to the prison where he is being held prisoner and bust him out. Happening by, Spider-Man tries to stop them but has to let them go when the damage they cause effects the structural integrity of a building, and Spider-Man has to focus his powers on preventing the building from collapsing until it can be evacuated. He then returns to his apartment and changed back to Peter Parker, so that he can catch up with his studying but ends up falling asleep.The next day, Peter goes to class and is asked to see Professor Warren, Warren warns Peter that his grades are getting dangerously low and if they continue to drop he may lose his scholarship. Meanwhile, the arms of Dr. Octopus manage to reach the prison and break their master free. Putting on his arms once more, Octopus flees the prison to begin his criminal activities anew.Octopus then takes control of an aircraft bound for New York which is carrying General Su, a military leader from a foreign country who is going to the UN Building in New York to sign important paperwork. Octopus takes the plane hostage and when it lands in New York. There, Octopus demands a ransom of 10 million dollars. Peter Parker (who is there covering the story for the Bugle) boards the plane was Spider-Man. Fighting Octopus, Spider-Man manages to free everyone on board the plane. During their fight, the Doctor manages to activate the plane's engines with one of his arms. When the plane moves down the runway out of control, Spider-Man flees the jet, and it soon crashes. Everyone believes that Octopus died in the crash, however, Spider-Man is not convinced that this is the end of his old foe.Web swinging across the city, Spider-Man finds it hard to believe that his foe, Doctor Octopus, is dead. Slipping into an alley, Spidey changes back into Peter Parker. Out on the streets, he purchases a newspaper and reads how authorities were unable to find any trace of Doctor Octopus. Peter worries that Octavius might have survived after all. His thoughts are interrupted by Randy Robertson, who asks Peter to help participate in a student protest. Peter refuses, as he needs to investigate the situation with Doctor Octopus. Unable explain himself, Peter leaves Randy thinking that Parker only cares about himself. As Peter goes his own way, he tosses out the newspaper, unaware that his foe is hiding in the nearby alley. Doctor Octopus recovers the discarded newspaper and is amused to learn that everyone thinks that he is dead and begins planning his next attack, vowing to get final revenge against Spider-Man.While Doctor Octopus begins formulating his plan, Peter Parker rushes to a nearby rooftop where he changes into Spider-Man. He then begins a futile search for Doctor Octopus, but cannot find any trace of his old foe. When he swings past the Daily Bugle, he is spotted by J. Jonah Jameson who tells his city editor, Joe Robertson, to do something about it. Robertson tells Jameson that Spider-Man isn't causing any trouble, unlike the pollution that has been plaguing the city. Eventually, Spider-Man spots Doctor Octopus climbing up the smoke stack on the city's main power station. Fearing that Octavius might black out all of Manhattan, he rushes after his foe. He ambushes Doctor Octopus and the two begin fighting it out on top of the power station. Spider-Man holds his own until Ock damages a water tower, which threatens the protestors down on the street. Spider-Man braces the water tower with his body and pushes it away safely. However, this leaves Spider-Man vulnerable to attack. Octavius manages to overpower Spider-Man and intending to kill his foe, he tosses Spider-Man down to the street below.Battling Doctor Octopus on the roof of New York's major power station, Spider-Man is thrown to his death on the streets below. Quick thinking, Spider-Man grabs his foe's mechanical tentacles and uses them to swing through a nearby window. With the tentacles still chasing after him, Spider-Man evades them by hiding in a nearby ventilator shaft. As the arms retreat, Spider-Man tags one with a Spider-Tracer in the hopes of tracking his foe later. He tries to follow after Octavius, but the villain has retreated by the time Spider-Man gets back onto the roof. Slipping away, Spider-Man changes back into Peter Parker in a nearby alley. Feeling faint, Peter stumbles out onto the street where he is confronted by Captain George Stacy, who has been looking for him. Noting that Peter looks ill, George asks his daughter's boyfriend what is wrong, but Peter passes out before he can explain himself. Later, he wakes up in the Stacy home with Gwen watching over him. When he wakes up, both Gwen and George are happy to see that he is recovering nicely. George remarks how amazing Peter's recouperative powers are, leaving Peter to worry that George might know that he is secretly Spider-Man. Left alone to rest, Peter mulls over this possibility, but notes that if Stacy has figured out his secret, he has done nothing to expose it. After some more rest, Peter decides to track down Doctor Octopus. Using his exhaustion as an excuse not to participate in the upcoming protest, Peter heads back home. Back at his apartment, Peter begins working on a new web fluid formula that will hopefully give him the edge against Doctor Octopus. After rigging up the new batch to his cartridge belt, Peter checks on his sleeping roommate, Harry Osborn, before taking to the roofs and changing into Spider-Man once more.Spider-Man then scours the city searching for trace of Doctor Octopus. When he begins picking up his Spider-Tracer signal, Spider-Man swings to a nearby window. However, Doctor Octopus had been waiting for him and launches a surprise attack. Their battles takes them to the rooftops where Spider-Man manages to spray his enemy's tentacles. This causes them to flail around out of control. Unable to control his arms, Doctor Octopus has to fend off his own apendages. Spider-Man is not out of trouble either, as the mechanical arms are just as dangerous as ever. When they smash through a nearby chimny, cuasing bricks to raindown on the crowd below. Seeing a child beneath the falling debris, Spider-Man is too far to do anything about it. However, at the last moment, Captain Stacy pushes the child out of the way, getting buried under the rubble in the process. Seeing this, Spider-Man rushes to George's aid, pulling him up onto the rooftops in order to get him to help. However, George has been fatally wounded and is about to die. His final words to Spider-Man is the revelation that he knows that the wall-crawler is really Peter Parker, and tells him to look after his daughter. Peter is horrified, losing George in much the same way as his Uncle Ben. He wonders how he can ever reveal the truth about his double identity to Gwen once she finds out that he is responsible for the death of her father.It is the funeral of George Stacy and everyone close to the late police captain is in attendance. Peter Parker is there to support Gwen during this time, however, he begins to consider what would happen if Gwen, who blames Spider-Man for her father's death, ever found out that Peter is Spider-Man. Also in attendance is Sam Bullit, a man who was competing with George for the job of district attorney. When Gwen later asks to aid on Bullit's campaign, it's another advantage to Bullit. Bullit then seeks the support of the Daily Bugle in exchange for this promotion, he promises to bring in Spider-Man, something which Jonah instantly signs up for even though Joe Robertson has his reservations about Bullit.With the help of Jameson, Bullit puts on a media campaign that focuses on vilifying Spider-Man, and the press works, everyone is so frightened of the wall-crawler the streets are deserted at night. Deciding that he's pushing his luck out as Spider-Man, Peter changes back to his civilian guise. He is then confronted on the street by Bullit and his men confront Peter wanting all the information he knows about Spider-Man. When Peter refuses and likens Bullit to Adolf Hitler, he is beaten and left in the streets. Quickly recovering, Peter changes into Spider-Man and goes after them.When he fails to track down Bullit, he finds some of Bullit's men on the street. He then chases after them and strings one of them up as a "message" to his employer. Spider-Man then heads back to his apartment. Entering he is suddenly startled when the lights are turned on by Bullit who had come there with Gwen Stacy because he knew there was a connection between Parker and Spider-Man.Spider-Man has just been confronted by Sam Bullit and Gwen Stacy at Peter Parker's apartment. Spider-Man, hoping to talk sense into Gwen, grabs the girl and makes an exit. However, this is spotted by Bobby Drake, who is out on a date. He changes into Iceman and attacks Spider-Man, whom he thinks will harm the girl, forcing Spidey to make an escape. Bullit thanks Iceman for his help and asks him to track down and capture Spider-Man.After continuing his law and order campaign to obtain the D.A. chair, Bullit is contacted by J. Jonah Jameson who tells him that he's dropping the Bugle's endorsement of him. When Bullit and his goons show up at the Bugle, Jameson explains that he will no longer endorse a candidate with shady dealings, revealing that he knows about how Bullit and his men roughed up Peter Parker. To add to the damaging evidence against Bullit, Joe Robertson has dug up Bullit's background, which involves dealing with extremist and racist groups.When Bullit and his men kidnap Joe, Peter Parker witnesses the whole event and goes after Bullit as Spider-Man. He's initially stopped by Iceman but manages to convince him to help rescue Joe. The two heroes work in unison to free Joe, and the three of them confront Bullit during one of his fundraising banquets. When the truth about Bullit is revealed, the people in attendance of the banquet walk out on him, and Bullit is arrested shortly after.While dealing with the grief of her father's death, and Peter's sudden strange behavior, Gwen gets a call from her Uncle Arthur offering her to come out to England to live with them, a decision she needs to think about. She goes to see Peter to ask if he wants her to stay, however when she mentions her hatred of Spider-Man, it causes him to be reluctant to tell her to stay and Gwen, hurt, leaves Peter's apartment. Peter then storms off and loses his temper over how his alter ego constantly ruins his life.Elsewhere in the city, Hobie Brown reflects on how he recently helped Spider-Man out in a jam by impersonating Spider-Man in front of a group of people. He recalls seeing George Stacy in the audience, and wonders if his involvement that day has made him a potential accomplice in the death of Stacy, and decides to bring Spider-Man to justice to clear his own conscious.Spider-Man meanwhile is blowing off steam by web-slinging to determine what to do about Gwen. When he looks in on Gwen at her home, he's spotted and attacked by the Prowler. Their fight takes them across the city. When the end up in an elevator shaft, the Prowler is knocked down the shaft, and Spider-Man manages to save him from serious injury with his webbing. He then strips off Hobie's costume and delivers him to a hospital and calls Hobie's girlfriend Mindy. When Spider-Man hears Mindy telling the unconscious Hobie that she will stick by him no matter what, he decides that in spite of everything Spider-Man should reveal his true identity to the woman he loves.Swinging to Gwen's apartment, Spider-Man finds the landlady cleaning the place up. He learned from her that Gwen had left for the airport to go to England. Rushing there, Peter arrives moments too late and watches in agony as her plane takes off. Realizing that his slow decision cost him the girl he loves, Peter leaves the airport.Dealing with the fact that Gwen Stacy has left for England, Peter Parker roams New York reflecting on his past. He reflects on the events that gave him spider-powers and how the death of his Uncle Ben led him to become the super-hero known as Spider-Man. He then reflects on his career as Spider-Man and his social life up until today. The whole time he wanders about the city, he remains ignorant of the fact that the Beetle has escaped from prison and has been robbing various establishments since his escape.Peter's wanderings find him at Aunt May's house, where he learns the news about the Beetle and takes a nap on his aunt's couch. After a dream involving the Beetle, Peter is awoken by Anna Watson, who tells Peter that Aunt May has been kidnapped by the Beetle while she was out doing groceries.Peter slips away and changes into Spider-Man and comes to his Aunt's rescue. After a battle with the Beetle, Spider-Man manages to defeat his foe when he tosses the Beetle into a nearby swimming pool. The weight of the Beetles costume causes him to sink to the bottom, giving Spider-Man the opportunity to web him up for the authorities.Changing back into Peter Parker, Spidey checks on his Aunt May to make sure that she's okay and takes her home.Swinging through the city, Spider-Man cannot get the Gwen off his mind. When he stops in at the Daily Bugle building, Joe Robertson pulls the boy aside and asks him where he's been. When Joe learns that of what happened to Gwen, Joe sends Peter on "Assignment" to England on the condition he takes news photos for the Bugle while he's out there.Flying there in a jet, he soon comes to learn that an American delegate and his son are on the plan flying to England on important government business. When the plane is taken hostage by hijackers looking to have their colleagues released from prison, Peter manages to slip away and change into Spider-Man, saving the airplane from a bomb, but failing to stop the terrorists from escaping with the delegate and his son.Spider-Man talks briefly with Scotland Yard, and loses his temper when they want Spider-Man to go back to the police station with them so they can review their records. Spidey swings off to look for the terrorists. He eventually finds them, but with out the delegate. When he learns that they are going to die at at 7:00 unless their demands are met. Spider-Man then begins to scour all of London to try and find them, when he realizes that the terrorists hid them in Big Ben. Spidey rescues them.However, when he changes back to Peter Parker and is about to see Gwen, he notices the news reports about Spider-Man being in England, and realizes that Gwen could put two and two together and figure out his secret identity. Cursing his stupidity, Peter is forced to go home without visiting the girl he loves.Returning home from England, Peter Parker goes to the Daily Bugle and sells his pictures to Joe Robertson, whose responses to Peter's pictures of Spider-Man in action make Peter wonder if maybe Joe knows of Peter's secret identity.Returning to his classes, Harry asks Peter to join him out to see Mary Jane's performance on an off-Broadway show. Peter reluctantly agrees when Harry offers to pay Peter's way in. While web-slinging as Spider-Man, Peter thinks about Harry's father Norman and their past as foes, when Norman was the Green Goblin. He decides to take Norman up on his offer for a job, deciding it's about time he got a real job. He meets with Norman who takes Peter's request into consideration and tells Peter that he will be attending the show as well.Web-slinging across town, Spider-Man stops on his way to MJ's show when he spots someone strung out on drugs and saves him from falling off a building. He turns him over to paramedics where the druggie is resuscitated. Spidey quickly leaves and changes into Peter Parker to join the others. When Randy Robertson finally joins them, he gets into a brief argument with Norman Osborn about the reality of drug abuse in the city.Peter ends up getting the ire of Harry when Mary Jane ends up paying more attention to Peter. During the show, Peter's spider-sense warns him of danger, slowly becoming aware that Norman Osborn is acting very strange. When Harry abruptly leaves with Mary Jane in a jealous fit, Peter decides to follow after Norman Osborn as Spider-Man. Following Osborn into one of the Green Goblin's old safe houses, Peter is shocked to find that Norman's Green Goblin memories have returned and that he's waiting for Spider-Man in full costume.Norman Osborn's Green Goblin-persona has returned and Spider-Man has stumbled upon him. After a brief battle across the city, the Goblin escapes vowing to strike back at his arch nemesis.Changing back to his civilian identity, Peter worries over that damage the Goblin can do now that he remembers Peter's real identity. Returning home, he finds Harry who is stressed out over his studies and over the turbulence in his relationship with Mary Jane. Peter becomes concerned when he finds that Harry has been popping pills.The next day when Peter and Harry head off to class, Mary Jane once more snubs Harry in favor of Peter. Peter scolds her for her behavior, but she tells Peter her avoidance of Harry is a long story. Harry meanwhile has gone to his dealer and bought more pills. Peter looks for Harry, but cannot find him and decides to resume his hunt for the Green Goblin after he learns of reports of thefts across the city. Giving up as Spider-Man, he tries Osborn's office as Peter Parker, but it turns out to be another dead end.Later that day, Harry confronts Mary Jane over her giving him the cold shoulder, fed up with Harry's behavior, Mary Jane dumps him. Harry returns home where he takes it out on Peter, Peter tells Harry off, and Harry goes off to take more pills. Peter goes off on another fruitless search for the Green Goblin. When he returns home, he finds that Harry has overdosed from the pills and needs immediate medical help. Before Peter can call for an ambulance, the Green Goblin appears outside the apartment challenging Peter once more.The Green Goblin has attacked Peter Parker at the apartment that he shares with Harry Osborn just as Harry is in dire need of medical help after a drug over dose. When the Green Goblin tries to attack, Peter tries to get the Goblin to see the state his son is in, the Goblin, not wishing to remember his son flees. Peter is able to call an ambulance and Harry is taken to the hospital.Meanwhile in England, Gwen Stacy begins to realize that leaving Peter behind to move to England was a big mistake and decides to return back to New York and find Peter, and hopefully patch things up. While back in the state, Peter finishes his classes and is confronted by Harry's dealer who tells Peter to pass along the fact that he has more pills to sell Harry. When Peter calls him a creep, the dealer calls his thugs to beat Peter, however Peter manages to easily defeat them with the help of his spider-strength. Beating the dealer into submission, Peter warns him that if he catches the man dealing drugs again, the next beating will make this one seem worse by comparison.While at the Bugle, news of Harry Osborn's drug overdose has reached Jonah's desk, Jonah asks Joe how he's going to present the story in the papers. Joe tells him that he's going to explain that drugs aren't just a ghetto problem, but everyone's problem.Peter, meanwhile, has resumed his identity of Spider-Man and is once more scouring the city looking for the Green Goblin. When he finds him the two are locked in a battle, which is prolonged because Spider-Man forgot to refill his web-shooters. However, he manages to perch himself on the Goblin's shoulders and force him to fly to the hospital and LOOK at his son. Realizing his son's condition causes the Green Goblin to return to his Norman Osborn identity and pass out. Peter then takes him back home, strips off and destroy his Goblin costume and leaves, hoping that this is the end of the Goblin's scourge.Things end happily for Peter when upon returning home he is greeted by Gwen who had just returned from England.After a day out with Gwen Stacy, Peter decides that it's time he gets his personal life in order. His first order of business is getting a real job, deciding that going back to Osborn wouldn't be a good idea as it might awaken the Green Goblin again, Peter opts to pressure J. Jonah Jameson into finally giving him a part-time job at the Bugle instead of freelance work. When Jameson asks Peter to take pictures of a hostage situation at a nearby prison, Peter pressures Jameson into giving him a job.Peter shows up at the prison as Spider-Man and breaks up the hostage situation while getting the photos that are needed for the Bugle. On his way back, he's stopped by talk show host Johnny Carson who offers him the opportunity to be a guest on his talk show, Spider-Man talks him into paying him the usual rate for appearing on the show.Peter is very happy for this incoming money because now he can afford to take Gwen out to dinner. However, he's shocked to find that now that he's on salary at the Bugle, payday isn't until Friday. Figuring his luck isn't out what with the guest appearance on the Carson show, Peter goes there as Spider-Man for the taping. After showing that he's the genuine article for the audience and then giving a speech about the overcrowded prison system, Spider-Man is forced to flee (without pay) when the police come to arrest him as there is still a warrant out for his arrest.Disappointed that he doesn't have the money to take his girlfriend out, Peter arrives at Gwen's and tells her the news. Gwen tells Peter he's being silly and doesn't need to take her out and they opt to stay in, while she cooks them supper for a nice romantic night indoors.Spider-Man is patrolling the streets of Manhattan looking for crime. Just when he thinks it is going to be a quiet night, he spots a bank robbery in progress. Spider-Man quickly stops the crooks. After wrapping them up in webbing, Spider-Man leaves them for the police. As he observes the arrest, he wonders what it will take for the people of New York to stop seeing him as a criminal. Swinging away, the wall-crawler comes to realize that being Spider-Man isn't as thrilling as it once was. Watching New Yorkers milling about in the streets he envies them for the normal lives that they live. Returning to his apartment, Peter decides that he wants to spend the rest of his life with Gwen Stacy. With the constant danger of being Spider-Man, he decides that in order for Peter Parker to have a life, Spider-Man must die. Peter then gets to work to create a serum that will strip him of his spider powers. Once complete, Peter drinks the potion and instantly begin getting dizzy. With his head pounding, Peter decides to go to bed and try to sleep it off.Peter begins to dream, his first thoughts are of how he feels guilty for the death of his Uncle Ben. How, with his Aunt now a widow, he was forced to find a source of income to help support himself and his aunt. To this end, he ended up getting a job as a freelance photographer for the Daily Bugle, whose publisher -- J. Jonah Jameson -- often uses Peter's photos to discredit and demonize Spider-Man. He then recounts how his romance with Betty Brant was lost due to his alter-ego, and how she eventually became engaged to Ned Leeds. However, he now loves Gwen Stacy. He thinks about how Gwen blames Spider-Man for the death of her father. In this dream, Spider-Man calls out into the sky, asking why he has to constantly live a life of tragedy. Suddenly, he hears a familiar voice calling out for help and begins traveling the rooftops to help. Suddenly, he is attacked by the Vulture who swoops in from the skies. Although the villain has the element of surprise, Spider-Man is easily able to incapacitate his longtime enemy. As the Vulture falls to the ground, Spider-Man snares him with a web line, but no sooner has he done this that he is whipped in the face by the Lizard's tail. Spider-Man struggles with the Lizard, wrapping webbing around the man-monster's mouth. He then flees his new attacker to try and find the person calling for help. He is then attacked by the Green Goblin, who Spider-Man knocks off his glider. Moments later, he is attacked by Doctor Octopus. Like with the other foes, Spider-Man knocks out Doctor Octopus and continues on his trek across the rooftops. He is then attacked by the Kingpin, but despite the villain's great strength, Spider-Man defeats him in hand-to-hand combat.Spider-Man reaches the voice and is surprised to see the spirit of George Stacy floating in the air. George tells Spider-Man that he knows that Spider-Man is really Peter Parker. He emplores Parker to keep his powers to continue fighting against the forces of evil. His final words is that Peter is Spider-Man, and therefore not entitled to a normal life, which is a blessing and a curse. Suddenly, Peter wakes and realizes that it was all a dream. He begins regretting drinking his formula without testing it first as his sides have become incredibly itchy. Removing his sweater, Peter is shocked to discover that he has grown four additional arms in his sleep.Peter Parker has grown four extra arms. He realizes that it's because of the potion he created and took to remove his spider powers so that he could stop being Spider-Man and live a normal life and settle down with Gwen Stacy.Peter, in his new state panics and thinking himself a freak, he snaps back to reality when his phone rings. When he answers the phone it turns out to be Gwen, she's inviting him to come see a movie. Peter makes up an excuse and snaps at her so that she'll leave him alone and forget him in case they don't see each other again. Gwen is saddened by this but gets the message and hangs up. Peter tries to envision the good that could come of his new arms but that quickly turns into what would happen if his Aunt May saw him in this state and what it'd do to her heart. Soon after his phone rings again,  the second call ends up being Joe Robertson from the Daily Bugle offering him a late-night photo assignment. Peter rejects the offer, saying he's going to the country for a rest cure, which angers Jameson but worries Robertson. This leads Peter into a deeper depression thinking that he's now lost both the girl of his dreams and his job.After that Peter gets an idea, he calls Dr. Curt Connors and reveals to him that it is Spider-Man and that he needs his help. Spider-Man asks Dr. Connors if he has a place to he can stay for a while. Curt offers up his Southhampton home for Spider-Man's use, telling Spider-Man that the key is under the mat and that if he needs it there is a fully-equipped lab is in the basement. Peter hangs up and starts to pack. Knowing he can't take a cab or train in his condition he decides to web-swing to Connors' home.Peter arrives and the scene shifts to a boat a mile down shore where a meeting is being held between some scared sailors, the meeting is led by 'Whitey', who tells them that Captain Bloom is dead. Whitey blames the guy in the hold because they've had nothing but bad luck and missing sailors since they found him stranded in the ocean, they go confront the man in the hold, though he is barely awake, he manages to hold them off and escape, leaving the crew to think that he jumped overboard.Night falls, and the crew go to sleep. The man returns to the ship, but now his skin is pale white and he resembles a vampire. The man thinks to himself that night is his time and he thirsts, he slaughters the crew and drains their blood by before dawn. When dawn returns, so does the man's rationalism and conscience. He is overwhelmed by guilt and leaps into the sea in an attempt at suicide. That attempt fails and he soon washes ashore, walking along the beach only to find a familiar looking Southhampton beach house, he flies into a window on the upper floor and begins to sleep.Spider-Man who is a few floors below him is becoming increasingly frustrated with his failed attempts at curing himself leading him to smash a test tube which wakes up Morbius. Morbius spies on Spidey and recognizes his costume but can't place it, he notices the six arms as well but in is thirst he doesn't care and hastily swoops down and attacks Spider-Man. Morbius smacks into Spider-Man but he rebounds quickly only for Morbius to jump towards him again gripping at Spider-Man's throat. Spider-Man sees the resemblance of a vampire at first but won't believe it initially writing him off as another kooky super villain. Spider-Man bats Morbius away but he quickly bounces back with his fangs inches from Spider-Man's throat. This changes Spidey's mind and he calls Morbius what he initially refused to believe...a vampire. Morbius scoffs at this before pouncing on Spider-Man yet again and throwing him down from the second floor leaving Spidey in a dazed unconscious state which is perfect for Morbius to feed upon.Right before Morbius is about to feast on Spidey is when Dr. Connors arrives, Connors dodges Morbius' attack but is panicked by his presence which leads the good doctor to transform into the monstrous Lizard. The two creatures argue about who will be the one to kill Spider-Man. Just as the two rush towards Spidey, he wakes up and sees them coming at him from both sides.A six-armed Spider-Man is caught between the Lizard and Morbius, the living vampire. Both foes end up fighting for their right to destroy the wall-crawler. However, during the fight, the Lizard is knocked into an electrical panel, and Morbius manages to bite him, but Spider-Man fights him off before he can get away. To Spidey's surprise, something in Morbius's bite has caused the Lizard to partially revert back to Curt Connors. The effect is temporary, however, Connors maintains his mind but struggles to keep the Lizard from taking control. The two decide to work together to try to find a cure for themselves and deduce that something in Morbius's blood could possibly cure them.Meanwhile, Morbius has retired, and as he sleeps he reflects on the events that caused this transformation: How he and his lover Martine Bancroft and an assistant were out on a yacht conducting an experiment to cure Morbius of a degenerative blood disease. The experiment backfired, turning Morbius into a living vampire. After killing his assistant, Morbius dives into the water not wishing to hurt Martine.Awakening again, Morbius goes back out on the prowl seeking out fresh victims to feed on. As Spider-Man and Connors swing through the city looking for Morbius, Gwen Stacy sits at home worrying about what happened to Peter. When she calls his Aunt May, she becomes even more worried when May tells her she hasn't heard from Peter either. At the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson confides in Joe Robertson about the Bugle's financial problems.While elsewhere in the city, Spider-Man and Connors find Morbius, and they battle him. During the fight, Connors manages to extract some of Morbius's blood and injects himself with it. Surprisingly, it causes him to change back to his human form. But before Spider-Man can take the rest of the sample, Morbius grabs it and flies off. Spider-Man hitches on for a ride with a web-line, shadowing Morbius all over the city. Morbius eventually flies smack into an overpass causing him to fall into the river below. Spider-Man manages to recover the blood sample before Morbius sinks to the bottom. Injecting himself with the cure as well causes Spider-Man's additional arms to disappear.As Spider-Man busts up yet another bank robbery, J. Jonah Jameson meets with his fellows at the Daily Bugle to try to find a quick way to bring profits back to the Daily Bugle. When they happen upon a news report about an explorer named Mr. Calkin who's traveled to the Savage Land, and hear his stories about a strange gigantic creature out there, Jameson figures this is the scoop that the Bugle needs to stay afloat and decide to bring some of his staff to the Savage Land in order to snap pictures of this elusive beast.When Joe calls Peter to secure him for the expedition, Peter instantly agrees as he needs the money. This upsets Gwen, and Peter decides to take her to the Bugle with him. When he arrives there, Jameson sees what he has thought was missing from this expedition to begin with: A woman's perspective, and asks Gwen if she'd like to come. In spite of Peter's reservations about the idea, she agrees to come along.Traveling to the Savage Land, the group almost has a disaster when their helicopter almost crashes into a pterodactyl. After exploring around for a bit, they come across a statue built by the natives with a giant gong on the front. When Mr. Calkin hits it, it summons the savages who built it, plus the creature they worship, the immense alien creature known as Gog.The creature grabs Gwen and leaves, Peter tries to stop the monster but is swatted away and lands in a nearby river. Gwen is then taken to a man who's "adopted" the monster, it's none other than Spider-Man's old foe, Kraven the Hunter. As Caulkin and Jameson go after the monster, they run into Ka-Zar and his sabertooth tiger Zabu and enlist his aid in trying to find Gwen.Meanwhile, Peter has changed into Spider-Man and begins his own search for Gwen as well. After fighting off a giant snake, Spider-Man makes a misstep when he accidentally jumps into some quicksand.This story continues from last issue...Spider-Man is caught up in some quicksand in the Savage Land, and in spite of his efforts to free himself, nothing works. He is ultimately saved at the last minute by Ka-Zar. After some initial head butting, the two agree to work together to free Gwen from the clutches of the creature known as Gog.Elsewhere in the Savage Land, Gog has brought Gwen to Kraven the Hunter, who has decided to take Gwen as his mate. He explains to her that when he heard news reports of the great Ka-Zar, he became determined to travel to the Savage Land to prove that he's the superior hunter. Upon arriving in the Savage Land though, he came across a crashed alien ship which contained a young Gog within it. Gog was just a tiny creature then, and he "adopted" the creature and helped it grow and it became his loyal "son". He finishes his exposition by explaining that he intends to use Gog for his own personal gain.This is when Spider-Man and Ka-Zar arrive and battle both Kraven and Gog. Ka-Zar and Kraven clash, and in spite of Kraven's many hunting devices, Ka-Zar proves to be the victor of the fight, driving Kraven off a cliff. Spider-Man meanwhile is left to deal with Gog, where he defeats the creature by driving it into the same quicksand he had gotten caught up in earlier, the creature then sinks to it's ultimate demise. Ka-Zar then rushes Gwen back to Jameson and Calkin, where she asks what happened to Peter. Jameson tells her that he believes that Parker died trying to stop Gog from capturing her. However Spider-Man quickly swings back to the others and removes his costume. Upon returning to the group as Peter everyone is shocked. After thanking Ka-Zar for his help and bidding him farewell, they depart from the Savage Land.Having returned home from the Savage Land, Peter decides to go web-slinging across the city. He happens upon a protest being organized by Randy Robertson against the Daily Bugle and it's lack of reporting about the "ordinary man". This gains the ire of J. Jonah Jameson, who's paper has spoke out for Civil Rights for years. His quick temper almost incites a riot, and Jameson has to be pulled out of there Spider-Man. The ungrateful Jameson tries to take a swing at the wall-crawler, so Spidey leaves him hanging from a post for his troubles.Peter returns back to his apartment and changes back to Peter Parker to prepare for the arrival of his roommate Harry Osborn, who is back out from the hospital following his drug overdose. While at the party, Flash Thompson (Back from another tour of duty in 'Nam) has shown up for the party. Peter buries the hatchet again, and when Gwen and Flash catch up, Mary Jane tries to flirt with Peter, who is about to scold her when Harry arrives.That night, J. Jonah Jameson visits Spencer Smyth, who has created a brand new Spider-Slayer robot for Jameson to use against Spider-Man. Showing off the arachnid themed Spider-Slayer's abilities, Jameson takes it out for a test run in the city. Jameson finds Spider-Man and attacks him with the Spider-Slayer. Unaware that Smyth also has control of the robot and is subtly piloting it to land it's battle with Spider-Man into an electronics laboratory. There, Smyth takes full control of the robot (unknown to Jameson, who believes it broken and smashes his control) and uses it to steal a special device which would render security cameras inoperable and also allows him to monitor the recordings of any camera in the city, Smyth intends to use it to further his own wealth through illegal means.Recovering from the attack, Spider-Man heads back to his apartment, unknown that Smythe is using the device to track Spider-Man's movements. Changing back into Peter Parker on a rooftop, Spidey inadvertently reveals his secret identity to Smythe.Spider-Man notices a security camera recording him changing back into Peter Parker and webs it up, however, he is too late as Spencer Smythe (who had taken control of the camera) had already taken a picture of Spider-Man's real face. Deciding to err on the side of caution, Spider-Man pays a visit to Curt Connors and uses his lab to create a synthetic mask based on his own face to try and reverse any potential compromise the camera has caused his secret identity.As news about the theft of the control device to the police's security cameras gets out to the Bugle, Smythe invites various underworld types to try to get them to buy his services. He reveals to them that thanks to his brilliance he has learned the secret identity of Spider-Man. However, when he trains the camera on Spider-Man again, the wall-crawler is ready with his synthetic Parker mask and takes it off in front of the camera, which discredits Smythe. However, Smythe offers to make it up by attacking Spider-Man in his new Spider-Slayer model, which is piloted by himself.Meanwhile, Spider-Man spots another protest happening in front of the police station, the people there are protesting the privacy invasion caused by the polices cameras. Surprisingly enough, J. Jonah Jameson is in the crowd lending his support. Spider-Man pops in and tells them that he agrees with them before slinging off and returning to his civilian identity.He briefly checks in on Harry when Mary Jane and other revelers come with pizza. When Mary Jane asks Peter he's in he tells her that he's got a date with Gwen. When Peter meets up with Gwen, he learns that they aren't going out on a date so much as checking in on Flash Thompson, who Gwen is worried about since he's come back from Vietnam. When Flash Thompson loses his temper over their concern, the couple decides to leave him be and go out for a romantic evening together.After his date with Gwen is over, Peter changes into Spider-Man, when he detects that he's being monitored by the security cameras, he soon finds out who's been watching when he's attacked by Smythe in his new Spider-Slayer robot.Spider-Man has finally been caught by Spencer Smythe in his new Spider-Slayer robot. Smythe gloats, that now after all the defeats at the wall-crawler's hands he'll finally get his revenge against Spider-Man. He takes the defeated wall-crawler back to the assemblage of crooks at his hideout to show off his victory.Meanwhile, Gwen meets with Randy Robertson who is in a good mood after the Daily Bugle does a report of the protest against the police surveillance cameras. She is later confronted by Flash who apologizes for how he acted. When he tries to express his feelings for her she stops him and tells him that her feelings for Peter are real. She then confronts him with the fact that that is not the only thing bothering him, Flash declines to talk about it.Back at Smythe's laboratory, Spider-Man breaks free of the Spider-Slayer's bindings and gums up the Spider-Slayer robot. He then escapes Smythe's lab and rounds up all the crooks in his employ who have been sent out on various jobs throughout the city. After which Smythe comes after Spider-Man in the Spider-Slayer robot. However, the wall-crawler makes short work of Smythe's robot and leaves him for the police to collect.Spider-Man then pays a visit to J. Jonah Jameson, fed up with Jameson constantly hiring Smythe to go after him with Spider-Slayer robots, Spider-Man cautions the newspaper editor to never try it again, a request the cowardly Jameson agrees to comply to in the future. On his way back home to switch back to his civilian identity, Spider-Man spots Gwen walking with Flash. He spots two military men pull up in a vehicle and escort Flash away, leaving Gwen in tears. Spider-Man wonders if this spectacle will change things between him and Gwen.Watching Flash Thompson being led into a car by military personnel, Spider-Man finds something wrong and decides to follow them. The car that he's following is then attacked by followers of the Monks of the Light, and their leader the Giant One. Spider-Man gets in the middle and manages to defeat them all, webbing up the followers. However, the Giant One manages to escape. Grabbing Flash and bringing him to a safe location, Flash tells Spider-Man the reason why the followers of the Monks of the Light were after him:While fighting in Vietnam, Flash was injured in combat and stumbled across the hidden temple of the followers. There the peaceful monks patched up Flash and he soon fell in love with the elder's daughter Sha-Shan. However, returning to his unit he learned that the military planned to bomb the sector where the temple was located. Horrified, Flash went to go and warn them, but he could not convince them to leave their home and they apparently became victims of the air strike, their temple destroyed. Flash would ultimately be blamed for the bombing and be followed by strange men. Finishing his story, Flash explains that is why he is under military protection. Spider-Man takes him the rest of the way to the Federal Building where he was to be taken.Returning to his apartment, he finds Aunt May and Harry Osborn there and they've almost stumbled upon his secret identity when May happens on a spilled vial of Peter's web fluid. Using an excuse to explain the strange goo, Peter talks Aunt May out of cleaning it up. Gwen shows up and tells Peter about Flash being in military custody, and he agrees to accompany her to the Federal Building to see Flash. There Peter happens to spot the Giant One also waiting in the lobby, telling Gwen that he has to take pictures for the Bugle. Peter slips away and tags the Giant One with a spider-tracer. However, a bomb goes off knocking out the building's lights. With no time to change into Spider-Man and hoping the darkness can cover him, Peter fights off the Giant One and his goons. The Giant One tosses Peter aside and tells him they will get their revenge against Thompson whenever they see fit.When Peter tries to go off after them, Gwen stops him, calling him on the fact that everyone thinks him a coward. Peter is left in a bind: how does he go after Flash's attackers without revealing that he's really Spider-Man?Peter Parker is stuck by Gwen, unable to go after Flash Thompson's attackers as Spider-Man because Gwen would think Peter Parker is a coward. However, he gets an idea on how to slip away and makes it appear as though he's been kidnapped by Spider-Man. On his way to the Giant One and the Monks of the Light, Spider-Man is confronted by Dr. Strange's astral projection. He convinces Spider-Man to go to his Sanctum Sanctorum, and there he shows that Flash Thompson has been brought before the leader of the Monks and is slated for execution. Dr. Strange then pledges to help Spider-Man save his friend and the two depart to go and save Flash.Meanwhile, Flash is visited by Sha-Shan, the girl he befriended in the village. She tells Flash that after the bombing, the elder one (her father) was rendered into a coma-like state, and only by sacrificing Flash's life may they bring back their elder ruler. However, when Sha-Shan pulls out a knife, the others find her and pull her away.While at Harry Osborn's apartment, Gwen arrives and tells Harry that Peter has been "kidnapped" by Spider-Man. When Aunt May enters the room, Gwen lashes out at her when she calls Peter a boy, but she quickly apologizes for her outburst and the two make peace.Back at the hideout of the Monks, they prepare to execute Flash Thompson when Spider-Man and Dr. Strange burst in the room. As Spider-Man holds off the Giant One and his men, Dr. Strange casts a spell that brings the elder out of his trance. With the elder restored to normal, the followers cease their fighting and the elder absolves Flash of any wrong doing. After Dr. Strange departs, Flash tells Spider-Man that the whole story will be great to tell Gwen Stacy. Spider-Man departs and wonders how Peter Parker is going to be able to compete with Flash Thompson's feelings for Gwen now that he's a civilian again.Spider-Man is upset that Flash Thompson may be a rival for Gwen's affections now that he's a civilian once more. What's worse, he forgot to set his camera to take pictures of the fight he had against the Monks of the Light. In a fit of rage, he throws the camera off the roof top realizing too late that he can't afford to buy a new one, but it is saved by an acrobatic man named Martin Blank. Blank calls himself a freak, but Spider-Man tells him that he's not a freak and he should embrace his abilities and not be a harsh judge of his physical appearance.Returning to the boarding house where he's staying, Martin reflects on his past and how his love of the Gibbon and the taunts of his classmates led him to join the circus as the human Gibbon. Eventually, he couldn't take the laughter of the audience and ran away from the circus and took refuge in the city hoping to start a new life where nobody would laugh at him. He finally decides that after meeting Spider-Man he should do what he's been planning to do.Meanwhile, Peter returns home and changes back to his civilian identity. There he finds Gwen and Aunt May waiting for him. When May suddenly changes her tone when she catches herself fussing over Peter, Gwen tells Peter how she and May had an argument about how she is too coddling over Peter. Peter, too tired to do anything passes out in Gwen's arm and she puts him to rest on the couch. When Flash arrives to tell everyone he's okay, Harry asks him to walk Gwen home. Peter wakes up only in time to see Gwen and Flash leave the apartment and assumes the worst before dropping back to sleep.After a nightmare, Peter is woken up by Flash, and instantly calls his Aunt May. When there is no answer, he decides to rush out as Spider-Man to see if she's all right. Along the way, he's stopped by Martin Blank, who is wearing an ape-inspired costume and calling himself the Gibbon. When Blank tells Spider-Man he's come in hopes that he can become the wall-crawler's partner, this causes Spider-Man to burst out in laughter. This proves to be a mistake because the laughing is the straw which breaks the camel's back for the Gibbon, who lashes out at Spider-Man.The Gibbon's attack is short lived, when Spider-Man decides that the Gibbon is misguided and not worth fighting, leaving a dejected Gibbon behind to blame himself once more for his failure. Neither are aware that Kraven the Hunter has been watching the battle, and hopes to use the Gibbon as a tool for revenge against Spider-Man.Kraven the Hunter, who is still recovering from injuries following his battle against Spider-Man and Ka-Zar in the Savage Land, recruits the Gibbon to battle Spider-Man on his behalf. The Gibbon agrees to do his bidding, as Kraven appeals to the rejects desire to get back at everyone who's ever laughed at him.Web-slinging to Aunt May's, Peter finds a note there from her saying that she's gone away for a while. Spidey leaves when the police arrive, and soon Spider-Man is blamed for kidnapping May Parker. Spider-Man quickly quashes this accusation when he goes to Joe Robertson and turns over the note to him, which Joe convinces Jameson to publish when he confronts Jameson over his ethics as a news reporter.While at Kraven's lair, the hunter gives the Gibbon a potion that brings out his killer instinct and sends him out on orders to kill Spider-Man. Peter meanwhile has returned home and tells Gwen that Aunt May has left, but tells her not to be hard on herself because her harsh words to Aunt May were long coming. Deciding to search for his Aunt May, he instead crosses paths with the now savage Gibbon. He battles Spider-Man, however, when pressed to make the killing blow, the Gibbon is unable to do so and fights off the effects of the potion and passes out. Spider-Man saves him from a nasty fall and decides to take him to get medical help. Back at Kraven's lair, aware of the Gibbons defeat, Kraven stews over the fact that Spider-Man was once again able to best him in battle.esAfter dropping off the Gibbon at the local hospital, Spider-Man resumes his search for Aunt May. After avoiding a number of criminal activities to continue his search for his missing Aunt, Peter eventually gives up looking for her as Spider-Man. After returning to his apartment, he changes back to Peter Parker and goes to the Bugle. There he finds that Jameson has spun Spider-Man's lack of involvement breaking up crimes as a sign of cowardice, and Jameson presses Peter to take more pictures or have a freeze put on his regular pay for the Bugle. On his way out of the Bugle, Peter gets his condolences from Betty Brant. Outside, he breaks up a fight between two boys, over whether or not Spider-Man is a coward. Peter then learns that Mary Jane and her Aunt Anna have been out looking for May as well.When Anna points out that May's handwriting appears forced, it gives credence that May's disappearance might be linked to several recent kidnappings. Peter decides to go into action as Spider-Man and seek out the kidnappers, whom he had encountered earlier. He tracks down one of the goons, and when he questions him he learns that other than a phone call from his employer, he has no other information about the people he's been hired to kidnap.Spider-Man recognizes another kidnapper in a group of crooks trying to break into a warehouse. Fighting them off, he finds that one of them has super-strength. However, he fights them off and finds that they were wearing a mechanical harness to boost their strength. Taking it, Spider-Man decides that it's an important clue. Before he can look into it, he's suddenly confronted by Dr. Octopus, the mastermind behind the scheme who is sick of Spider-Man once more meddling in his affairs.Spider-Man battles Dr. Octopus, who has confronted Spider-Man for meddling in his plans once again. During the fight, Octopus manages to get a firm grip on Spider-Man's mask and pulling it off, Spidey then quickly squirts webbing in the Doctor's eyes hoping it'll blind him long enough to allow him to escape. Peter is suddenly struck by painful cramps and has to flee the fight. Dr. Octopus furious that his enemy has fled, ditches the mask and leaves the scene. The mask is found by Randy Robertson who returns home and gives it to his father Joe.Dr. Octopus then resumes his war against Hammerhead, a new criminal that is trying to secure control over the underworld. Meanwhile, Peter gets a visit from his doctor who tells him he's suffering from an ulcer. Left alone, he decides to resume his search for his Aunt May. He goes to the Bugle to sell the pictures of Spider-Man's battle with Dr. Octopus, which validates for Jameson that the Spider-Man mask found by Randy is the genuine article (which Jameson has now proudly pegged on his bulletin board.) Before he leaves he gets a lead from Ned Leeds about the possible whereabouts of his Aunt May, at an employment agency in the Lower East Side of the city. Peter decides to check it out as Spider-Man, stealing a cheap imitation mask from a costume shop to wear.Arriving in the location, Spider-Man is attacked by Dr. Octopus once more and is unable to fight at peak efficiency due to his ulcer. Putting in the body harness he took earlier, Spider-Man gets the needed boost to defeat Dr. Octopus. However, the fight takes all the wind out of him. Almost ready to throw it in for the day, Spider-Man is then confronted by Hammerhead and his goons.After just barely defeating Dr. Octopus (needing a strength-boosting harness to boost his strength thanks to an ulcer) Spider-Man must now face a new criminal, Hammerhead, who has been warring with Octopus over control of crime in New York City. During the fight, Spider-Man is creased by a bullet and passes out. Dr. Octopus revives and gets away. When Hammerhead wonders why Octopus wanted Spider-Man alive, he takes the wall-crawler back to his hideout.When Spider-Man revives, Hammerhead gives him an ultimatum: Join his gang or die. He then explains his origins: How he was a man gunned down and was found by Jonas Harrow, a scientist. The man who would become Hammerhead would have amnesia but would adopt the persona of Al Capone-esque mobster after seeing a movie poster about the famous gangster. Harrow would reconstruct Hammerhead's skull so that it would be made out of titanium, he has since worked his way up the crime ladder, his current conquest is to crush Dr. Octopus.When word reaches Hammerhead that Dr. Octopus has "shacked up with some old broad", Spider-Man has a feeling that it's his Aunt May, and tries to convince Hammerhead that he's changed his mind (while tagging him with a spider-tracer) Hammerhead doesn't believe him and leaves Spider-Man under armed guard while he goes to the location where Octopus was spotted. While on the campus of ESU, Dr. Miles Warren confronts Gwen Stacy about the rumors he's heard about Peter Parker, she confirms them for him. She is then met by Flash Thompson, who makes a crack about Peter's ulcer. This upsets Gwen who tells him off and storms away.Back at Hammerhead's hideout, Spider-Man manages to distract the guards charged with watching him enough to knock them out and hitch a ride on Hammerhead's car. When it arrives outside the hideout of Dr. Octopus, Hammerhead sends out some of his men to the house. Spider-Man knocks them out. Sneaking inside, he's suddenly knocked out when he's hit over the head with a vase from behind. It turns out that it's Aunt Many, who's quite sure she's killed Spider-Man.Spider-Man has been knocked out by his own Aunt May when he has sneaked into the hideout of Dr. Octopus. At that moment, Hammerhead and his men burst in the front door, bent on attacking Dr. Octopus in order to secure control of the New York underworld. As Dr. Octopus, his men, and high-tech defenses keep Hammerhead's men at bay, Spider-Man begins to revive. Noticing this, Aunt May decides she should call the police and leaves the area. When Spider-Man revives, he's unaware that he'd been knocked out by his own aunt.After a brief battle with Hammerhead, Dr. Octopus decides it's time to leave his hide out, and finds Aunt May just as she is about to call the police, learning that she's seen Spider-Man, and heard gunshots, he convinces her that calling the police is unnecessary. While at the Daily Bugle, Gwen has arrived to see if they've heard anything about Aunt May. When Ned Leeds finishes the story he was trying to tell Peter, that someone fitting Aunt May's description was hired by an employment agency and sent to a place in Westchester, Joe Robertson, Ned, and Gwen all leave to go to that location to see if May is there.Back at Doc Oct's hideout, Spider-Man continues his search for his Aunt May, which gets him into a confrontation with Hammerhead and his men, the fight ends with Hammerhead and his goons fleeing the scene. He then finds Dr. Octopus with his Aunt May. In spite of his ulcer acting up again, Spider-Man manages to beat Octopus into submission, but is forced to flee when Aunt May pulls a gun on him and threatens to shoot if he doesn't stop pummeling Octavius (May is unaware that Dr. Octopus is a criminal) Spider-Man flees just as the police arrive and round up all the crooks. Spidey slips away where he can change into Peter Parker and appears shortly after Joe, Gwen, and Ned arrive. When Peter meets with his Aunt May, she's called by Dr. Octopus briefly. When she comes back, she tells Peter that she's not coming back home, that Peter is a grown man and can make his own decisions, and that she's decided to stay here and keep watch of Dr. Octopus' home as per his request.As Peter tries to digest everything that's just happened, Hammerhead has meanwhile gotten to an airport in New Jersey and is fleeing the country.While web-slinging through the city, Spider-Man pauses to remark on a large campaign sign for mayoral candidate Richard Raleigh. Suddenly the sign is smashed by a gigantic man appropriately named the Smasher, who apparently has a vendetta against the mayor. Spider-Man battles the Smasher, but is forced to leave the fight when the two men putting up the campaign for Raleigh are endangered. After saving the men, Spider-Man departs, concerning himself with other problems: Like retrieving his real mask from J. Jonah Jameson.Web-Slinging to the Bugle, Spider-Man interrupts a meeting between Jonah and Joe Robertson (who is airing his suspicions of Raleigh), Spider-Man manages  to retrieve his mask, despite the protests from Jameson. Safely away from prying eyes, Spider-Man ditches his temporary mask (stolen from a costume shop) and replaces it with his original. He then decides to go back to the Bugle as Peter Parker to sell his photos of his battle against Dr. Octopus and Hammerhead. On his way there, he's stopped by Harry Osborn and Mary Jane, MJ gives Peter a support button for Raleigh. When Peter tries to sell his pictures to Jameson, news of Spider-Man's battle against the Smasher has hit, and Jameson is not interested in buying pictures of "hasbeens" like Hammerhead.After a press conference where Raleigh pushes his "tough on crime" image, he's later confronted by a crime boss, who he lashes out at and warns that organized crime will be crushed by him. Later, Peter changes back to Spider-Man and web-slings across the city to meet up with Gwen for a date, but can't help but keep an eye out for the Smasher.Meeting up with Gwen, Gwen feels bad for Aunt May's decisions of late because they were influenced over Gwen's criticisms of Aunt May's mothering of Peter, she reassures Peter that Flash is only a friend and he has nothing to worry about. The couple then go to a fundraiser for Raleigh's campaign, where they meet with Mary Jane. During the event, Peter's spider-sense goes off, he notices the roof of the reception hall is about to collapse. Killing the lights Peter, with no time to change into his Spider-Man costume, tries to stop the collapse with his webbing, however it's not enough, and unless he comes up with an idea fast, the roof will collapse and kill everyone there, including Gwen.Peter Parker manages to stop the roof collapsing at a charity fundraiser for Richard Raleigh, and manages to slip away before anyone can learn Spider-Man's true identity. Following the event, Raleigh plays up his tough on crime stance and vows to catch whoever was responsible. The responsible party appears to be a costumed criminal called the Disruptor who has hired a scientist named Dr. Thaxton to create the Smasher to do his bidding, he orders to make the Smasher more powerful.As Joe Robertson continues to have his doubts about Raleigh, he tells J. Jonah Jameson that he intends to do a more intensive background search on the man (Jameson finds this a needless concern.) While elsewhere in the city, crooks try to rob a fundraiser for Raleigh, Peter arrives as Spider-Man and prevents the crooks from stealing the money. He then returns home and checks in on his Aunt May, before meeting up with Gwen and Mary Jane at a youth rally for Raleigh.There the Disruptor and his men attack directly, prompting Peter to duck out and change into Spider-Man and battle the Disruptor and send him packing. Later J. Jonah Jameson visits with Raleigh and tells him that Joe Robertson is looking into his background. Word gets back to the Disruptor, who has the newly enhanced Smasher revived and orders the creature to destroy Joe Robertson.The Smasher is sent out to capture Joe Robertson, the one man resourceful enough to uncover dirt on Richard Raleigh. Spider-Man arrives in time to stop the creature from capturing Robertson and leads the monster on a chase through the city until he can escape. Resuming his guise of Peter Parker, Spider-Man joins Harry, Gwen and Mary Jane in driving a campaign truck for Raleigh's campaign. It's soon attacked by the Smasher. Everyone gets out safely before the Smasher destroys the truck, but a furious Peter Parker storms off after the monster, changing into Spider-Man to stop the Smasher once and for all.With a spider-tracer, Spider-Man tracks the Smasher back to the Disruptor's lair, where the Disruptor over-uses the control device on Smasher, causing the beast to go berserk, killing the Disruptor with but one blow. Spider-Man fights the monster until it overloads and dies itself. In the aftermath of the battle, Spider-Man unmasks the Disruptor and learns that it's really Raleigh in disguise. He leaves the scene when the police arrive, and Jonah and Robertson discover the body of Raleigh, Jameson remains unconvinced that Raleigh was involved in any criminal activity, and intends on writing one of his usual anti-Spider-Man editorials for the Bugle's next edition.While checking in on his Aunt May, who is still taking care of the estate owned by Dr. Octopus, she asks Peter to go and check the apartment she shared with Anna Watson. There he finds a telegram from a man named Rimbaud, asking May to come up to Quebec, Canada for important and sensitive business. He decides he needs to think this through and deal with it on his own. Walking back to his apartment, he runs into Harry Osborn, who doubles over in pain. When Peter comes to aid him, Harry's father Norman arrives and yells at Peter to stay away from Harry. As Harry is rushed into Norman's car and driven away, Peter wonders if Norman is becoming the Green Goblin again.When Peter happens upon a news story about the Hulk being up in Canada, he realizes that he has an excuse to go up to Canada and see what the telegram was all about. He convinces J. Jonah Jameson to send Peter up to Quebec to take pictures of the Hulk because he has good reason to believe that Spider-Man will appear. Jameson, not wanting to pass up the opportunity of getting photos of Spider-Man getting pummeled by the Hulk, begrudgingly allows Peter to go.When Peter checks with Mr. Rimbaud's secretary about the telegram, she tells him that he's away on business. To pass the time, Peter goes to a nearby hotel where General Thaddeus Ross is briefing the press and the Canadian military on the Hulk. When Peter tries to hop in with the press convoy, he is not allowed because he's not on any of the lists. However, with the help of his spider-powers, he manages to jump aboard while the truck is pulling away.When their truck is attacked by the Hulk, Peter slips away and changes into Spider-Man, setting up his camera to take pictures. During the fight, the military catches up and attacks the Hulk as well, and the Hulk bounds away. Spider-Man follows not to far behind, and his chase leads them to the nearby Maskattawan Dam. Their battle there compromises the structural integrity of the dam causing it to crumble, knocking both Spider-Man and the Hulk into the water below. Before Spider-Man can swim up to the surface, he's hit by a large chunk of debris and is pinned under it as it sinks to the bottom, threatening to drown him.Spider-Man's fight with the Hulk has taken them under water when the Hulk accidentally compromises the integrity of a dam. However, their fight is soon interrupted when General Ross arrives with the military, and their fire power forces both combatants to part. Secretly hitching a ride back to Montreal, Spider-Man changes back into Peter Parker. When calls to check in on Gwen, she tells Peter to come back to the States as quickly as possible because Harry has had a relapse from his previous drug overdose. Peter tells her that he has to finish business in Canada but he will be back as soon as possible.When Peter finds that he's being trailed by someone, he changes into Spider-Man and confronts them. The man explains that he was hired by Dr. Octopus to seek out Mr. Rimbaud (the man Peter had come to see in Canada), prompting Peter to go and see the man as quickly as possible. Rushing to the site of the '67 Expo where Rimbaud was discussing some business to put a new building Peter, Rimbaud, and his secretary are attacked by the Hulk. Peter changes into Spider-Man and battles the Hulk until the military scares him off again.Changing back to Peter Parker, Peter is met by Rimbaud who has important information to tell him when he's suddenly shot by a mysterious shooter and dies. With no leads to follow, Peter can do nothing but return home.In the previous issue Harry Osborn had taken LSD, which made him fall into a clinical Psychosis. This issue begins with Peter as Spider-Man now watching through their apartment window as Gwen Stacy and Mary Jane Watson are at Harry's bedside. The Osborn's family doctor Ray tells Gwen and Mary Jane that Harry has been taking drugs again. He gives Harry a shot of Thorazine, a tranquilizer to offset the effect of LSD. Spider-Man decides to do a quick change on the rooftop and go inside where he is then confronted by Norman Osborn.Norman blames Peter for what has happened to Harry and later in this issue cracks under pressure returning to the Green Goblin persona.Peter on his way to the Daily Bugle building feels a cold coming on from the change of climate between Montreal and New York. While talking to Robbie Robertson at the Bugle dropping off some pictures of the Hulk from his Montreal assignment, J. Jonah Jameson walks in and tells Robertson about Parker to "get this disease ridden menace out of my building. Before Peter leaves he points out that Robbie should have Jameson send him a bonus check for about two hundred dollars for the pictures.When Norman leaves his son's bedside he begins to think how he has failed him as a father. Then he starts to hallucinate and sees his enemy Spider-Man coming at him, soon he flees from the apartment out into the street until he gets to Manhattan's lower east side.There in a place he had almost forgotten lies his Green Goblin paraphernalia. Then after returning to the Goblin persona, he decides to kidnap Gwen. She is standing at the window of Peter and Harry's apartment wishing there was some way she could do to help Harry when the Green Goblin comes flying into view.When Spider-Man finally swings back to the apartment all he finds is a pumpkin lantern and satchel left behind by the Green Goblin. He soon realizes that Gwen has been kidnapped and that he must rely on his Spider-Sense to lead him to where the Goblin is. His Spider-Sense leads him to the George Washington Bridge as it is Norman Osborn's favorite President where he spots the Green Goblin standing next to a motionless Gwen Stacy. 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 	  At the bridge Spider-Man attempts to get to Gwen but must fight the Goblin with everything he has. Both Spider-Man and the Goblin fight until the Goblin swoops down knocking Gwen off the side of the bridge. Spider-Man then goes to save her and as his Webbing catches her, her neck breaks and she dies instantly.
Spider-Man praises himself as he cradles the lifeless body of Gwen until he realizes that she is dead. The Goblin taunts him saying that "she was dead before your webbing reached her! a fall from that height would kill anyone before they struck the ground".

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Gwen Stacy's death 		 	 
Holding the lifeless body of Gwen in one arm Spider-Man raises his fist into the air vowing to destroy and make the Goblin pay for the death of the woman he loved.Gwen Stacy is dead, thanks -- in part -- to the Green Goblin, who is racing away vowing to Spider-Man that he will soon be joining his true love. Spider-Man, furious over the tragic loss of Gwen, swears that if anyone is going to die this day, it's going to be the Goblin. Chasing after his mortal foe, he manages to hop on the Goblin's back and pummel him. However, the Goblin manages to get away when he slams Spider-Man into the side of the George Washington Bridge.Returning to Gwen's body, Spider-Man fights off those who have gathered around her corpse and cradles her in his arms, reflecting on their relationship together. When the police try to get an ambulance to give her medical aid, Spider-Man tells them that she's dead and that he killed her. When they try to take him for questioning, he fights them off and flees. Changing back to his civilian identity of Peter Parker, he ponders just what to tell his best friend Harry Osborn about his father's involvement in Gwen's death. When he arrives back at their apartment, Peter finds that Harry is still fighting off his recent overdose of LSD, and angrily leaves Harry who begs for help.Deciding to bring Osborn to justice, Spider-Man drops in on Joe Robertson who has just heard the news. He pleads Joe to find out if Norman Osborn has been seen in the last few hours. When Joe gets word that Osborn has been seen near one of the warehouses that he owns, Spider-Man is about to leave when J. Jonah Jameson bursts in calling Spider-Man a murderer. Spider-Man stifles Jameson with webbing before going after Osborn.Spider-Man battles the Green Goblin in the warehouse, determined to bring him to justice. However, during the fight, the Goblin's glider is reactivated and when the Goblin tries to impale Peter with it, he only succeeds in impaling himself when Spider-Man dodges out of the way. With the Goblin apparently dead, Spider-Man finally getting what he vowed earlier that day, finds Osborn's death a hollow victory. When the authorities can be heard coming, Spider-Man decides to leave, unaware that someone is watching in the shadows.When Peter finally returns home to his apartment, he finds only Mary Jane there waiting for him. She tries to console Peter, who lashes out at her condolences, mocking her usual carefree nature and tells her to leave. However, Mary Jane decides to stay and comfort Peter regardless.The police and the press have come to the scene of Spider-Man's final battle with the Green Goblin. J. Jonah Jameson and Joe Robertson arrive and see Norman Osborn's body being taken out of the warehouse. Someone has secretly removed the Green Goblin's costume, leaving everyone (especially Jameson) to believe that Spider-Man murdered Norman Osborn. Leaving the scene in his limo, Jameson begins to contemplate how he can capture Spider-Man when he finds an advertisement for Luke Cage's Hero for Hire business.Three days later is Gwen Stacy's funeral, everyone is there (except Jameson) to pay their respects to Peter, especially Mary Jane who takes Peter out for coffee after. While at the Manhattan office of Luke Cage, J. Jonah Jameson sees as Cage tosses out a rude potential client. Jameson offers Cage his next job: For five thousand dollars, Jameson wants Spider-Man captured dead or alive.As Spider-Man web-slings through the city, puzzling over his feelings and over who could have removed the Green Goblin costume from Osborn's body, he's attacked by Luke Cage. After a brief battle across the city, Spider-Man gets the upper hand, and Luke vows to get him because he needs the money. Spider-Man returns home, and changes back to Peter Parker and is shocked to find Harry Osborn at home. When Peter asks why he isn't at his father's estate, Harry can only angrily glare at him.Later, when Peter is dragged out to a school concert by Mary Jane, it is interrupted by Luke Cage, who bursts in calling out a challenge to Spider-Man (not sure if the wall-crawler is really there, but hoping that since he's frequently seen around Empire State University he may be in the crowd.) Sure enough, Peter slips away and changes into Spider-Man to battle Luke Cage.During their fight, Spider-Man finally gets through to Luke Cage, and the two find a camaraderie, in that they both initially got into super-heroing to make money, and that they have both been treated as outlaws. Later, Luke Cage pays a visit to J. Jonah Jameson and literally stuffs his money down his throat. Back at the concert, Peter has changed back into his civilian identity, and he and Mary Jane call it a night, Peter telling her that after talking with someone he realized that he's not really alone dealing with his problems after all.Web-slinging through the city, Spider-Man stops to take a look at the local papers, and becomes mad that the Bugle is the only newspaper that's calling him a murderer in connection with the death of Norman Osborn. At the Bugle, Joe Robertson questions Jameson about his editorials, believing that Spider-Man should be allowed due process before being demonized by public opinion. Their debate is interrupted by the arrival of Jonah's son John.John has recently been on a mission to the moon, and he has come to visit his father with his fiance Kristine Saunders. However, John begins to act strange (unnoticed to others this is due to a necklace he is wearing.) It is passed off as the strain from his job and jokes about Kristine not taking good care of John.Meanwhile, Peter Parker decides to attend class for the first time since Gwen's death, but cannot handle the pressure of working with his classmates who must be thinking about his situation and storms out of class. When Mary Jane and Flash try to talk sense into him, Peter snaps at them both and storms away. Elsewhere in the city, John Jameson suddenly transforms into a werewolf beast which will soon be dubbed the Man-Wolf. The creature stalks its way to the Daily Bugle where it attacks J. Jonah Jameson.Meanwhile, Peter sees yet another front-page story in the most recent edition of the Bugle, demonizing Spider-Man once more for his involvement in the death of Norman Osborn. Fed up of Jameson's constant editorials, Peter decides enough is enough and that he is going to threaten Jameson to leave him alone. Changing into Spider-Man, Peter slings over to the Bugle. Instead of taking out his anger on Jameson, he finds that he has to come to the rescue of his arch-nemesis instead. However, during the fight, Spider-Man is slashed by the Man-Wolf and passes out.When Jameson tries to call the police, the Man-Wolf stops him, and Jameson notices that it's wearing the exact same necklace his son was wearing earlier and puts two-and-two together. The Man-Wolf suddenly bolts and Spider-Man revives shortly after. When Spider-Man tells Jameson that he's going after the monster, Jameson warns him: If he goes after the Man-Wolf, Jameson will report tonight's episode as an attack on him by Spider-Man.Agreeing to Jameson's terms, Spider-Man leaves and dwells on what just happened, when he's suddenly attacked by the Man-Wolf who pounces at him from behind.Spider-Man is mulling over his battle against the Man-Wolf and J. Jonah Jameson's threats over Spider-Man trying to stop the beast when he's attacked by the wolf-monster again. During their fight, Spider-Man notices the necklace worn by the monster and finds it familiar. When the moon begins to set, the Man-Wolf makes a break for it and Spider-Man tries to follow, but trips himself up on some garbage cans. Having lost the Man-Wolf, Spider-Man returns to his apartment, where he changes back to Peter Parker, notices that Harry is still hasn't been home, and passes out for the night after patching up his wounds from battling the Man-Wolf.The next day, Mary Jane is having breakfast with Flash and Randy Robertson, talking about both Peter and Harry's attitudes, when Harry enters the diner. When Mary Jane tries to get Harry to talk to her, he lashes out at her for paying more attention to Peter Parker than him and tells her to get lost. Upset and shocked by this, Mary Jane flees the diner in tears. While elsewhere in the city, J. Jonah Jameson pays a visit to his son John's apartment. There he finds John passed out on the couch wearing the exact same outfit the Man-Wolf wore the night before, confirming his suspicions that his son is somehow the monster that attacked him.Waking up John, Jonah asks him to explain how he could turn into the Man-Wolf. John explains to Jonah that one his last mission to the moon he had come across a strange stone which he took back with him to Earth. There he had it fashioned into the very necklace that he is wearing. The first night wearing it, when the light of the moon touched the necklace it transformed him into the Man-Wolf. Explaining that he tried to keep it under control with a special suit that blocks most lunar radiation, it seems he's ultimately failed, and he cannot take off the necklace because it's grafted itself to his skin.An hour later, Peter changes to Spider-Man to see if Joe Robertson can shed some light on the pendant he saw the Man-Wolf wearing the night before. However, when he arrives at the Bugle building, Jameson is waiting there for him with police officers and he is forced to flee. Affected by the tear gas that the police used him, Spidey changes back to Peter Parker and goes to the closest place he can find: Mary Jane's apartment. But when she mistakes his weariness as sullenness she kicks him out of her apartment and tells him not to call her until he's more pleasant.That night Jonah is at John's apartment to confront his son, who is once more changing into the Man-Wolf. This is also happening at a time Kristine is on her way for a date with John. While Peter Parker finally connects all the things he saw about the Man-Wolf and correctly deduces that he's John Jameson. Spider-Man arrives just as the Man-Wolf is about to attack her and rips the necklace off the creature's body, causing it to change back to John Jameson. When Jonah comes out to check on his son, Spider-Man tells him to take John to a hospital. When Jameson fears the publicity, Spider-Man tells him that he has to take responsibility because his son could have hurt or killed someone. Spider-Man then throws the necklace as far away as possible (it lands in the nearby river) and walks off, when Jameson tries to thank Spider-Man, the wall-crawler tells him to save it for the papers.While web-slinging through the city, Spider-Man is flagged down by two men representing Corona Motors. They offer Spider-Man an opportunity to help them promote a new non-polluting car engine by helping them make a Spider-Mobile as a cross-promotion. Spider-Man tells them that given that he's being demonized in the press, is wanted by the police, and the idea is just plain stupid, he refuses and swings away. Spider-Man is unaware that he's being watched by his old nemesis the Kangaroo, who vows revenge on the wall-crawler. Coincidentally at that moment, he's confronted by Jonas Harrow, who offers to enhance the Kangaroo's abilities.Spidey arrives on ESU's campus and changes back to Peter Parker. There he is confronted by Miles Warren, who tells him that Peter needs to start showing up for class. He is later met by Flash and Mary Jane who ask him to join them for some cokes, to which Peter refuses. Returning to his apartment he shares with Harry, Peter finds that Harry is still not home yet and a note from Harry's landlord advising that the rent is 2 months overdue. Peter then gets a call from his Aunt May checking up on him after hearing about his strange behavior of late.While at the lab of Jonas Harrow, the Kangaroo undergoes surgery that will enhance his super-human abilities. When the surgery is completed the Kangaroo finds that his strength and leaping power have been artificially boosted. When Harrow tries to get the Kangaroo to partake in one of his plans, the villain knocks Harrow out deciding that he's going to capitalize on his new powers alone.Meanwhile, Peter, needing to come up with a way to pay the back-rent owed, pays a visit to the Corona Motors office as Spider-Man and advises them that he's changed his mind. There he is told that he has to come up with the design on his own. Spider-Man decides to go and seek the aid of the one guy who he knows will know a lot about cars: The Human Torch. On his way, he is attacked by the Kangaroo. When the Kangaroo gets the better of the wall-crawler, he's forced to stop his attack by a fail-safe device implanted by Harrow, forcing the Kangaroo to retreat to Harrow's lair and do his bidding.As Spider-Man works with the Torch to come up with a design for the Spider-Mobile, reports of the Kangaroo attacking a nuclear laboratory. Spidey leaves the Torch to continue working on the design while he goes after the Kangaroo again. While at a hospital, John Jameson's health is not doing any better since being cured of turning into the Man-Wolf. When he learns his son needs a total blood transfusion, J. Jonah Jameson curses Spider-Man for what's happened to his son.Spider-Man arrives at the nuclear laboratory, where he fights the Kangaroo. The villain is more powerful than Spider-Man is able to handle. However, when the Kangaroo goes for the radioactive isotope Harrow sent him to collect, the villain foolishly neglects to wear the proper protection, and is exposed to a lethal dose of radiation and is killed almost instantly. When the police arrive, they chase Spider-Man out. Harrow, having been watching outside sees Spider-Man's departure and correctly deduces that the Kangaroo failed and leaves the scene.Finally, at the apartment shared by Peter Parker and Harry Osborn, Mary Jane has come to try and make amends with Harry and go out to a movie. When Harry pretends he isn't home, Mary Jane gets fed up and storms out, telling him it's over. Inside, Harry has in his possession the Green Goblin's costume and is determined to become the new Green Goblin to get revenge against his father's enemies. As this is all happening, Spider-Man web-slings through the city to try to cheer himself up, completely oblivious to the troubles the future will bring.While web-slinging through the city, Spider-Man happens upon a murder scene that has happened right in front of Mary Jane's apartment. Concerned about her after all the concern she's shown him following Gwen's death, he changes into Peter Parker to check in on her. The frightened Mary Jane tells Peter that she saw the whole thing, but refuses to go to the police for fear that the killer will harm her as well. Angry at Mary Jane for being so cowardly, Peter storms out of her apartment, pretending to be angry at her for her cowardliness, hoping to spark her to call the police out of spite.Changing back to Spider-Man, Peter swings through the city to see if he can find the killer still around when he is attacked by the what appears to be the Vulture. Spider-Man correctly deduces that he's responsible for the murdered girl. However, in trying to defeat the villain, Spider-Man is knocked for a loop and he gets away. Spider-Man flees the scene as well when the police arrive and meet back up with the Human Torch to check on the status of the Spider-Mobile.The two work through the night putting together the Spider-Mobile from scratch. As the next morning begins, Spider-Man departs to resume his civilian life. In the apartment he shares with Harry, Peter studies until Harry returns home. When Peter tries to get Harry to talk to him, Harry flips out when Peter tries to make up with him. Later at ESU, Peter tries to talk to Mary Jane about the night before. She tries to get Peter to believe what she told him was a lie, but he's not going to buy it. When they are picked up by Flash Thompson, Peter notices that they are being followed by the Vulture, who grabs Mary Jane and flies off.This sudden attack causes Flash to swerve off the road and crash, injuring himself. Peter, unhurt by the crash rushes off to find someplace to change into Spider-Man. Along the way, he's confronted by Professor Warren again about his grades but slips away. Changing into Spider-Man, Peter manages to catch up to the Vulture and prevents him from dropping Mary Jane to her death. Angered that another woman close to him almost was killed thanks to a Spider-Man villain, Spidey vows to get the Vulture.Tracing him to the ESU Biology wing, he finds the Vulture terrorizing Christine Murrow in one of the labs. Their fight takes them outside, where Spider-Man notices a crowd and the police have gathered outside the building. There, Spider-Man blinds the Vulture by shooting webbing in his eyes. The Vulture is then attempted to be apprehended by the police who toss a net on him. The blinded villain throws the net off and grabs Spider-Man (thinking it's Christine Murrow) and flying high into the sky. Among the crowd, watching is Harry Osborn, who hopes that the Vulture will kill Spider-Man, and if not, he will -- as the Green Goblin.The Vulture manages to pull off the webbing from his eyes and then realizes that he'd grabbed Spider-Man, not Murrow, and drops him high in the sky, hoping the fall will kill the wall-crawler.Spider-Man has been dropped from a lethal height by the Vulture, it takes all of his skill and all of his web-fluid in order to make a giant spider-web for him to bounce off of and save himself from the fall. Changing back to Peter Parker, Spidey decides to check out the ESU bio-lab which the Vulture was attacking when he tried to stop him. There he only finds professor Clifton Shallot, who Peter recognizes as the man studying organic mutation at the university until the funding was cut last semester. He decides to find out who the girl the Vulture was attacking, and checking out ESU's records learns that it's a student named Christine Murrow. He realizes that the Vulture's first murder victim was a dead ringer for Christine without glasses and realizes her death was due to mistaken identity.Checking the morgue files at the Bugle leads Peter to learn that Adrian Toomes (the original Vulture) is still in prison and wonders who is posing as him. After being chewed out by Jameson for not getting pictures of the Vulture's attack on ESU, Peter decides to check out one of his stoolies as Spider-Man to learn where the new Vulture has been since. The stoolie's information takes him to a shipping yard, where Peter is attacked by the Vulture and dumped into the harbor.Peter survives the episode and realizes that Mary Jane is still at risk and takes a cab to make her go report the attack to the police. Mary Jane agrees this time, but wants to go alone, Peter refuses and takes her into the cab. They are attacked by the Vulture, who causes the cab to crash, stunning everyone on board. The Vulture takes Mary Jane again, and Peter (reviving quickly) changes into Spider-Man and goes after her.Spider-Man saves Mary Jane again and fights off the Vulture who flees. Spider-Man having deduced the Vulture's true identity takes Mary Jane back to the cab and ensures that the cabby will rush her to the police. Spider-Man then goes back to the ESU bio lab where he confronts Christine Murrow. When the Vulture attacks, Spider-Man defeats him with the mutation reversing serum he created with Curt Connors. The Vulture reverts to his true form, that of Clifton Shallot. Spider-Man reveals to Christine that he deduced Shallot as being the Vulture after the Vulture said a similar phrase that Shallot said to him earlier that day. He then tells her that he figured out how Shallot pulled everything off: When the funding for his research was cut, he took the Vulture's costume he acquired and his mutation device to make himself appear like the Vulture. He then admonishes Christine, who knew of the whole plot for not reporting Shallot to the authorities out of fear, telling her that the murder of an innocent girl could have been avoided if she reported Shallot to the police, to begin with.A new costumed criminal known as the Jackal has appeared and has hired the Punisher -- a costumed vigilante that loves death -- to destroy Spider-Man. The wall-crawler, meanwhile, is web-slinging through the city; he stops to take some pictures of a robbery and busts it up as well. He takes the photos to the Bugle, where J. Jonah Jameson has a fit that Parker has not been able to get any photos of the Punisher, and that all the competition is snapping up photos of him in action.Peter leaves and changes back to Spider-Man, and soon finds himself attacked by the Punisher, who thinks that Spider-Man is a common crook just like everyone else he kills. The vigilante doesn't have much of an upper hand against Spider-Man, and the Jackal (hiding near the battle) decides to strike out. When his claws rake the back of Spider-Man's head, the Punisher calls the Jackal on his "unjust" methods of killing Spider-Man. The wall-crawler manages to get away when he stumbles off the edge of the building they are fighting on, gain control, and swing away. When the Jackal and Punisher depart, Spider-Man returns to the scene and collects the Punisher's weapon that was left behind and sees that it was made by Reiss Armories.As Spider-Man returns to his apartment, as Peter Parker, he mends his costume, unaware that Harry Osborn is listening and suspects that Peter may know that he's decided to become the Green Goblin. While at ESU, Miles Warren has sought out Mary Jane Watson to see if she can pass along an apology to Peter over their brief run-in while he was trying to get help for her when the Vulture had captured her. At the secret hideout of the Jackal, the Punisher lashes out at the Jackal over their methods of elimination. The Punisher leaves to go the Mechanic, his gun supplier, to resupply.This brings him to Reiss Armories, where he finds Spider-Man, who just stumbled upon the Mechanic's dead body. Thinking that the wall-crawler had killed the Mechanic, the Punisher attacks him. During their fight, Spider-Man manages to get the upper hand and bind the Punisher. He then makes the vigilante see that the Jackal's trademark clawings were the cause of the Mechanic's death. Realizing that the Jackal had been manipulating him to do his dirty work and then intended to frame him for murder, the Punisher vows to get revenge against the Jackal and storms out. When Spider-Man hears police sirens he leaves as well. The Jackal, watching on, vows that he will eventually destroy Spider-Man.While out on patrol, Spider-Man spies some crooks popping out of a manhole with the intent of robbing a sky scraper, Spider-Man stops them. When one of the captured crooks tries to tell Spider-Man that he's hired by Hammerhead, a device in his head kills him when he tries to utter his employer's name. Hammerhead meanwhile has just returned to New York after his sabbatical in Europe. While offloading on the pier, he is greeted by the Jackal, who goads Hammerhead into wanting to get revenge against Spider-Man and Dr. Octopus, hoping that the villain will play in his hands.At the Baxter Building, Spider-Man pays a visit to the Human Torch, who unveils the completed Spider-Mobile. The two take it out on a test drive and test out all of the vehicles abilities (which mimic that of Spider-Man's own spider-powers including ties that allow it to scale walls, and web-shooters.) However, things go awry when the Torch soon learns that Spider-Man has no drivers license and up to this point has never driven a car before.As this goes on, Dr. Octopus -- fresh out of prison -- watches the spectacle amusingly before traveling to the roof of the Pan-Am building to take a helicopter ride to Westchester. Spider-Man meanwhile has returned back to his apartment and changed back to Peter Parker where he gets a call from his Aunt May who is checking in. However, their conversation is cut short when Mary Jane arrives earlier than planned and he has to let her go.A few days later, when Hammerhead's men attack another building with special jet packs, Spider-Man tries to stop them in his new Spider-Mobile. During the fight, Hammerhead enters the fray and knocks over Spider-Man's car. After giving the wall-crawler a solid head-butt, the crooks make their escape. When Spider-Man recovers his Spider-Mobile before the police can secure it, he finds a mysterious envelope planted by the Jackal.Spider-Man doesn't get a chance to read the letter until after he shows up for Ned Leed's Christmas party. Peter departs after Mary Jane tries to get a kiss from him under the mistletoe, prompting Peter (who's not ready for romance so soon after Gwen's death) to leave. Reading the contents of the envelope, Peter realizes what Dr. Octopus has been so interested in Aunt May for. Changing to Spider-Man he rushes to Octopus' Westchester hideout and arrives just to see that there is a private marriage ceremony, and the bride and groom are Aunt May and Doc Ock!Rushing to the estate of Dr. Octopus, Spider-Man arrives just in time to see that his arch-nemesis is about to get married to his Aunt May. Before Spider-Man can react, Hammerhead and his goons bust in on the marriage with guns blazing. Octopus fights off some of Hammerhead's men, and manages to make an escape with Aunt May through a secondary exit. Spider-Man intercepts them and tries to stop Octopus from getting away, but he's knocked out. Octopus then makes his escape with May in a helicopter. Witnessing this, Hammerhead and his men decide to follow after Octopus in the helicopter they arrived in themselves. Spider-Man, reviving from his blow from Dr. Octopus secretly hitches a ride aboard Hammerhead's copter.Back at Ned Leed's Christmas party, Mary Jane realizes that Peter has ditched her, while Ned and Betty Brant point out that Peter seems to be adjusting to her attention pretty well in spite of the fact that Gwen recently died. Mary Jane feigns any desire to be in a relationship, leaves the couple, and Joe Robertson puts in his two cents to them about Peter being stable enough to make his own decisions.While high in the air, Hammerhead's helicopter follows Doc Oct's into Canadian air space. There they are led to an island off the coast of Canada to a nuclear facility which has been inherited by Aunt May following the death of a relative (the reason why Octopus was interested in marrying her.) With both crafts landing down, another fight between Dr. Octopus and Hammerhead begins. With bullets flying, the shock is too much for Aunt May, who passes out. After a brief fight with Dr. Octopus, Spider-Man grabs his unconscious Aunt May and flies for New York City in an airplane from a nearby hanger.Meanwhile, Dr. Octopus enters the building and is mortified when he learns the facility's primary function is a nuclear breeder. When Hammerhead bursts in, Octopus warns Hammerhead that the slightest vibration can cause a violent explosion. Hammerhead doesn't heed this warning and charges at Dr. Octopus. Octavius dodges the attack, causing Hammerhead to ram into the control panel of the breeder. This causes the very type of explosion that Dr. Octopus warned them of. Spider-Man manages to fly out of the explosions reach just in time. Aunt May soon revives, but before Spider-Man can explain anything to her, the fact that she's sharing an airplane with Spider-Man causes her to pass out again. In New York, Mary Jane decides it's time to leave the party because she figures that Peter is not coming back. When Betty tries to get her to talk about how she feels about Peter, she says that she can't bring herself to love Peter, and that she cares about him too much to allow herself to do that. When Betty presses for more of an explanation, she tells her to leave it for another day and departs.Web-slinging through the city, Spider-Man's attention is drawn to a strange scene where a robbery where a museum was robbed, the walls and a display case containing rare meteor fragments had been melted. When Spider-Man is spotted by the police, they fire at him, and he is forced to flee.Spider-Man changes back into Peter Parker and is confronted by Liz Allan, who is dead on her feet. As a strange man kicks out the cleaning lady from his hotel (prompting her to call the Bugle to tip them of his strange behavior) Peter brings the exhausted Liz to Mary Jane's apartment. Peter explains that Liz is an old friend from high school who he hasn't seen since graduation, and asks MJ to watch over her for the night, Mary Jane agrees to help out.Meanwhile, at the Bugle, Ned Leeds decides to check out the lead that he got from the hotel maid. Arriving at the hotel, Leeds witnesses a large explosion from inside. When he goes in, he is attacked by the strange man, who seemingly caused the explosion on his own. When Peter arrives at the Bugle, he is told of Ned's assignment and is asked to go there to take any pictures. When Peter arrives there as Spider-Man, he sees the explosion and goes in to check to see if Ned is safe.He finds Ned alive, but unconscious, and is soon attacked by his old foe the Molten Man. Spider-Man soon learns that the Molten Man's powers have now gotten stronger than ever before, thanks to the rocks that he had stolen. The fight ends when Spider-Man knocks the Molten Man outside of the building. He lands on a fire-hydrant, the resulting torrent of water steams against the Molten Man, giving him cover to escape. Spider-Man then grabs Ned and brings him to the nearest hospital, changing back to Peter Parker before admitting him.When the doctors take a look at him, they inform Peter that Ned has been exposed to a harmful dose of radiation. Realizing that the rocks that the Molten Man must be radioactive, Peter tries to leave the hospital to stop the villain before he can irradiate anyone else, but succumbs to radiation sickness as well and passes out.The Molten Man has come after Ned Leeds, who has been taken to the hospital by Peter Parker and has been diagnosed with radiation poisoning. Peter himself is feeling the effects from being exposed to the irradiated Molten Man himself. In spite of this, when he becomes aware of the Molton Man's presence, he changes into Spider-Man to battle his foe. Spider-Man holds him at bay with a fire-hose prompting him to escape, and Spider-Man is forced to flee himself when the police arrive.Returning back to Mary Jane's apartment, Spider-Man eavesdrops on MJ's conversation with Liz Allan. Liz explains that after graduation from high school she took a job as a nurse to look after her stepbrother, the Molten Man. However, when the Molten Man finally got fed up and escaped from medical care, he lost access to the medication that was keeping his molten skin from melting away. Spider-Man changes back into Peter Parker, and sneaks through MJ's neighbor's apartment, getting his pant leg torn thanks to the neighbor's dog. Peter checks in on the women and departs when MJ tells him she's taking Liz Allan out for dinner.When Peter arrives at the Bugle the next day, Jameson (furious as usual) tells him to go to the location of another robbery which has the Molten Man's trademark. When Peter tries to get information from one of the workers cleaning up the site, it gets him nowhere. When he calls Ned in the hospital to learn anything new and check on him, he learns that the Molten Man stole a chunk of radioactive meteor. Checking out the robbed warehouse as Spider-Man, he learns that it had recently taken in a shipment of radioactive materials for medical treatments, and realizes that the Molten Man has been stealing these items to prevent himself from melting away. The police soon arrive and chase Spider-Man off.Deducing that the Molten Man will rob another museum that has a similar meteor fragment as the one that turned him into the Molten Man, Spider-Man catches the Molten Man in the act. The Molten Man makes a run for it, dawning one of his melt-proof disguises and hopping on the subway. However, his powers have gotten too out of control and they burn away his disguise. Spider-Man tracks him down. As they fight on the roof of the train as it crosses a bridge, the Molten Man's deterioration gets even worse.As the two fight, Spider-Man knocks the Molten Man's bag full of stolen isotopes and meteor fragments off the bridge and into the water below. Molten Man, in desperation, dives down, in spite of Spider-Man's warning that exposure to the cold water would destroy him. Spider-Man can only watch in horror as the Molten Man seemingly dives down to his own demise.Running late for a cruise with Flash Thompson, Mary Jane, and Liz Allan, Peter web-slings to the docks so as not to miss the trip. Changing back to Peter Parker he makes it just in time. The cruise goes sour when it is hijacked by the costumed mercenary known as the Tarantula, who intends on ransoming off the passengers for one million dollars. Peter slips away and changes into Spider-Man, and attacks the Tarantula. However, the Tarantula knocks some of the crew overboard, Spider-Man is forced to jump ship to save them. He realizes that he's out of web-fluid and cannot swing to the ship. He then rushes back to his apartment he shares with Harry Osborn and quickly grabs his spare web-cartridges. He leaves in such a rush that he doesn't notice that Harry Osborn had spied him doing so and has discovered Peter's secret identity.As word of the ransom (and demands for financial help from the mayor) reach J. Jonah Jameson, Spider-Man manages to web-sling back onto the ship to resume his fight with the Tarantula. Although he is tagged by the drugged tips of the Tarantula's boots, Spider-Man manages to put up a good fight against his foe. However, the drugs that kick in and Spider-Man briefly blacks out, when he comes around he sees that the Punisher has arrived, and is now pointing a gun in his face, seeking to take control of the situation.While fighting the Tarantula, Spider-Man finds himself under the gun of the Punisher, who believes that the wall-crawler is in on the kidnapping of the ship's crew. The Tarantula allows the Punisher to believe this, prompting a fight between Spider-Man and the Punisher allowing the Tarantula and his men to escape. When the Punisher realizes that he's been duped, he stops his fight with Spider-Man and tells the wall-crawler to meet him at midnight at the museum in Fort Tryon before jumping overboard. Spider-Man flees the ship when the crew (who still believe that he had something to do with the hijacking) crowd around him. He changes into Peter Parker in the water and pretends that he needs to be rescued. He manages to convince Mary Jane that he was knocked overboard, however, he fails to convince Flash Thompson, who is becoming suspicious of Peter's double identity.After phoning Jameson to report that Spider-Man saved the cruise and that he got pictures of Spider-Man's fight with the Tarantula. While he showers in his apartment later, he doesn't hear Harry sneak into his room and snoop around for his Spider-Man costume. When Harry finds it, he is convinced that Peter is really Spider-Man and quietly leaves.At midnight, Spider-Man meets with the Punisher at their designated meeting place, where the Punisher shows Spider-Man slides of the Tarantula telling Spider-Man of his origins: How he was a member of freedom fighters in a South American country, however, his violent ways had him kicked out of the group of revolutionaries. The Tarantula would eventually change sides and be turned into his countries answer to Captain America to fight the revolutionaries. However, his love of violence would get him in hot water with his leaders again, and so he had fled the country to the United States, where he set himself up as a mercenary.With Spider-Man briefed, the two go after the Tarantula attacking his safe house, the Punisher with the help of Spider-Man defeats the Tarantula and his men. After they have been bound up, the Punisher bids farewell to the wall-crawler. While at the warehouse that Spider-Man had his final battle against the original Green Goblin, Harry Osborn has come to collect his father's device, to get revenge against the man who killed him -- Peter Parker, the Amazing Spider-Man.After an afternoon out on the town, Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson decide to spend the rest of the day at Peter's apartment to listen to a new record he has purchased. When they arrive at the apartment that Peter has been sharing with Harry Osborn, Mary Jane insists on unlocking the door herself. As she begins to turn the key, Peter's spider-sense begins to warn him of danger. Before he can get Mary Jane to stop, a bomb on the opposite side of the door goes off just as she turns the lock. Although Peter manages to shield Mary Jane with his body, the blast injures her and renders her unconscious. After checking to see if Mary Jane is okay, Peter hears sirens of approaching police cars. Rushing into his apartment, Peter quickly webs up his Spider-Man gear into a web-ball and tosses it out to the roof of the apartment building next door. He then gets back to Mary Jane just as the authorities arrive.Forty minutes later, Peter Parker is at the hospital where he's told that Mary Jane is expected to recover and he is allowed to visit her. When Mary Jane wakes up, she asks Peter what happened, but he promises to tell her later. This whole situation gets Peter thinking about how the Green Goblin killed his girlfriend Gwen Stacy. Although he is convinced that Norman Osborn is dead, Peter suspects that the Green Goblin is back. He changes into Spider-Man and goes to investigate Norman Osborn's old lab. Look around he finds that nothing appears to be disturbed, at least initially. However, he discovers that the dust on the floor is merely dry soap used to disguise the fact that someone had been here recently. Suspecting that the person responsible will return, Spider-Man webs up a hammock and decides to wait. Sure enough, hours later, Spider-Man is alerted to the presence of someone coming into the secret lab. He is shocked to discover that it is none other than the Green Goblin, who comes rocketing in on his goblin glider.Although his foe claims to be the real Green Goblin, Spider-Man has already deduced that his opponent is actually Harry Osborn. He tries to talk sense into his roommate and friend, but Harry seeks to avenge the death of his father. The two fight it out, and the new Green Goblin begins to gain the edge in combat because Spidey is pulling his punches. Ultimately, the Goblin uses a gas mixed into the exhaust of his goblin glider to knock Spider-Man out. Finally having the wall-crawler at his mercy, the Green Goblin attempts to give Spider-Man a fatal jolt from his electro-blasts. However, he soon discovers that he has overtaxed the power source in his gloves. With Spider-Man recovering from the gas, the Goblin decides to flee, vowing to destroy Spider-Man.Later, Spider-Man changes back to Peter Parker and goes to the Daily Bugle. There he asks J. Jonah Jameson for a week off but is denied unless he wants to be fired. Furious, Peter quits instead. As he storms out of the office, Betty Brant attempts to see how he is doing. Peter tells Betty to butt out of his business and storms out, vowing that nobody will interfere with his life again.The Green Goblin attacks a truck shipment, stealing a strange canister before departing. Meanwhile, Peter has web-slinged to the hospital where Mary Jane is being treated following the explosion at his old apartment. There he finds that Joe, Flash, Liz, Aunt May and even J. Jonah Jameson are at the hospital visiting Mary Jane. When news of the Green Goblin's recent attack reaches the airwaves, Peter leaves the hospital but not before he gives Jameson the cold shoulder when Jonah tries to talk Peter out of quitting at the Bugle.Spider-Man arrives at the scene of the truck robbery and learns that a radioactive material was stolen. Deciding to check out Norman Osborn's old home, Spider-Man finds the Green Goblin there. After a brief battle, the Goblin shows Spider-Man his monitors showing that he had kidnapped Flash, Mary Jane and Aunt May. He then tells Spider-Man that the canister he stole had been rigged to be a thermonuclear device and tells him that he has only six minutes to travel to the right part of the city (as the trio are spread out) and disarm it. Spider-Man knocks out the Goblin and races off to rescue his friends when he realizes that he's out of webbing and has time only to check one person.He chooses correctly when he comes to the rescue of his Aunt May, and tosses the bomb into a nearby river where it harmlessly explodes. Spider-Man then rushes back to the Osborn estate where he battles the Green Goblin to the Goblin's defeat. Spider-Man calls for the police, however, he is sure to change back to Peter Parker and remove Harry's Green Goblin outfit. When the paramedics are wheeling Harry away, he tells everyone present that he knows Spider-Man is really Peter Parker and admits that he's been the Green Goblin his entire life. When the medics and police on the scene dismiss that as the ravings of a madman based on Harry's age, they wheel him away to get medical help.Following his battle with the Green Goblin, Peter Parker laments over the fact that as a result of their battle, the apartment they shared has been totaled. The landlord comes by as Peter mulls over what to do, and tears up the lease and tells Peter that he has to be out by the end of the day. Not wishing to worry his Aunt May, Peter checks through his list of friends and eventually is offered a place to stay with Flash Thompson. However, Peter soon learns that Flash lives in the suburb of Far Rockaway, which is so far removed from Manhattan, Peter begins to wonder how he'll manage to get around.Living in an abandoned house near Flash Thompson's apartment lives the Mindworm, a mutant with mental powers that allowed him to feed off emotions of others. His abilities would lead to the death of his mother when he was young, and her death would cause his father to flee in fear, only to be struck by a car and die himself. The young boy grew up as a ward of an orphanage using his powers to ward off those who would treat him poorly, and use his mind powers to become very intelligent. He would relocate to this very house years before, and feed off the emotions of others, not repeating the same mistake with his mother, the number of people allowed for him to feed but not kill.With the introduction of Peter Parker into the neighborhood, the hero's strong emotions became the subject of interest for the Mindworm. In order to gain access to these emotions, the Mindworm uses his powers to put everyone in the neighborhood but Peter under his control. Peter noticing the situation would change into Spider-Man and go into action. As Spidey fights off the hordes of the Mindworm, the police learn of the situation and send in a riot squad believing that something sinister may happen.Taking his fight to the Mindworm directly, Spider-Man finds him an ample foe, until he claps both of his hands on either side of the head of the Mindworm. The resulting shock from the blow causes the Mindworm to cripple in defeat. Peter changes back to his civilian guise and rejoins the others just as the police arrive to arrest the Mindworm.Spider-Man is web-slinging through the city, mulling over the fact that he still hasn't found a place to call his own since he was evicted from the apartment he shared with Harry Osborn. Changing back to Peter Parker, Spidey meets up with Liz Allan to see an apartment in Chelsea. There he's taken to an apartment that is run by Mamie Muggins, a very  ahem, charismatic land lady. Although the apartment is less than desirable, it suits his needs and the price is reasonable, so Peter takes it.Needing money, Peter decides to take his job back at the Bugle, however just before he can step into Jonah's office, a costumed being calling himself the Grizzly has burst into the Bugle's office. As the Grizzly smashes his way through to Jameson's office, Peter slips away and changes into Spider-Man. Peter saves Jameson when the Grizzly tosses Jonah out a window, naturally Jameson is less than impressed that he was saved by Spider-Man once again.Going into Jameson's office, Spider-Man battles the Grizzly, who blames Jameson's bad press for ruining his career as a wrestler. After a brief battle with Spider-Man, the Grizzly gains the upper-hand, knocking Spider-Man out long enough for him to escape. Spider-Man retrieves the less-than-thankful Jameson and hands him over to Joe and Betty before going after the Grizzly. Figuring an old time boxer or wrestler would have some kind of records, Spider-Man travels to Old Washington Square to see what he can learn as Peter Parker. However, entering the building, Peter is taken by surprise and is knocked out by the Jackal who is responsible for hiring Grizzly. With Peter Parker as their prisoner, the Jackal muses that Spider-Man should not be very far behind.Having captured Peter Parker with the help of the Grizzly, the Jackal has Peter strapped to an operating table where they attach a special bracelet that would allow them to learn the true identity of Spider-Man (not realizing that Peter is Spider-Man) and dumping him in an alley. Being found by Betty and Ned, they take Peter to a diner where he realizes what has been done to him when he goes to the bathroom. There he is told by the Jackal (over the communication device on the bracelet) what they intend to do, and any attempt to remove the bracelet will activate an explosive.Resuming his civilian life, Peter, with the help of Flash, moves his stuff into his new apartment and meets his new neighbor Gloria "Glory" Grant. That night when finally by himself, Peter uses his scientific skills to remove the device. Free of its control, Peter changes into Spider-Man and seeks out Jameson. Startling his bitter foe in his sleep, Spider-Man convinces him to explain why the Grizzly was after him: Year ago, Jameson's editorials about the Grizzly's unethical and violent wrestling moves shifted public opinion on the subject. The Wrestling Federation which employed the Grizzly probed into his conduct, and eventually fired him. With the information he needs (including the Grizzly's real name) Spider-Man leaves Jameson's home, the whole experience roweling Jameson up once more over Spider-Man's conduct.Realizing that someone like the Grizzly would be known around the gyms in the city, Spider-Man asks around until he finds the gym which he used to frequent. Sure enough, the Grizzly is there and the two are locked in a battle. During their fight, Spider-Man realizes that the key to the Grizzly's superior strength is his costume. He then takes it apart piece by piece, until all that's left is just Maxwell Markham. Spider-Man easily defeats him and leaves him for the authorities to deal with.While out joyriding in his Spider-Mobile, Spider-Man attracts the attention of the police and soon finds himself in a chase. When he drives through a mysterious fog, Spider-Man tries to lose the police only to drive his Spider-Mobile into the river. Realizing what Spider-Man had done, the police figure he's either escaped or died and end their chase. Spider-Man survives the crash, however, finds his web-shooters are waterlogged and is forced to hike back to his apartment. As a result, Parker is unable to stay awake during his classes and is once again scolded by his professor, Miles Warren, about his flagging grades.After class, Peter is greeted by Mary Jane who is out of the hospital following her injuries when they were attacked by the Green Goblin. As the two walk together, Peter thinks about Gwen and his feelings towards his late lover, and his newly emerging feelings for Mary Jane. While elsewhere, J. Jonah Jameson is told that his latest scheme against Spider-Man has just begun.Later, web-slinging across the city pondering how to recover the Spider-Mobile, he stops for a dinner break after web-slinging up some poor saps McDonald's. As he tries to eat, the wall-crawler is suddenly enveloped with a gas, which causes him to fall off the building he's on. Grasping for a fire escape ladder, Spider-Man saves himself from a nasty fall but sprains his arm.  in the process. He's then attacked by who he thinks is his old foe, Mysterio. Mysterio uses a series of illusions including a truck driving up a wall, and illusions of all his foes to cause Spider-Man to think he's in peril. He realizes this too late after he notices that instead of punching his enemies he's really been smashing a brick wall -- and wrecking his web-shooters and cutting up his hands in the process. Mysterio appears once more and tells Spider-Man that this is only the beginning before vanishing into thin air.Changing back to Peter Parker, Spidey pays a visit to the Bugle where he tells Ned and Betty what had happened, except telling them that he got caught in a fight between Spider-Man and Mysterio. Ned tells him that's not possible because apparently, Mysterio had died in prison a year before.Spider-Man is diving into the Hudson River to try and locate his junked Spider-Buggy. After locating it, he returns to the surface to puzzle over if he's been hallucinating or if Mysterio is somehow haunting him from beyond the grave. Spider-Man's musings are cut short when Mysterio appears again, the ghost theory is given more credence when Mysterio appears to be immaterial and manages to seemingly dissolve once Spider-Man attempts to capture him in webbing.Returning home, Spider-Man changes back to Peter Parker and gets a call from his Aunt May, who is checking in on how the boy doing in his new apartment. When Mary Jane comes over, Peter suddenly believes he's seeing the Kingpin appear behind Mary Jane and throws the phone. He then has to come up with an excuse for Aunt May (who's still on the other end of the line) as well as Miss Muggins and Glory Grant who come up to see what all the noise is. After Peter and Mary Jane appease the irritable Muggins, Glory and Mary Jane introduce each other.Later as J. Jonah Jameson gets another status report on his latest scheme against Spider-Man, Peter and Mary Jane pop by the Bugle. While Peter discusses business with Joe Robertson, Betty Brant confronts Mary Jane about her feelings towards Peter. MJ explains how things are changing, but she's worried about how Peter is acting. The conversation is lightened up when Betty and Ned Leeds announce that they're getting married. Later, returning Mary Jane home, Peter thinks he sees Gwen Stacy and chases after her. When he doesn't see her outside the building, Peter chalks it up as another hallucination.Peter finally realizes the truth when he discovers an image inducer device on his Spider-Man costume. Furious that someone is toying with him, he realizes that just because the real Mysterio is apparently dead, doesn't mean someone else hasn't taken up his old identity. Building a tracking device, Spider-Man tracks down this new Mysterio and easily defeats him in battle. He reveals him to be Danny Berkhart. Berkhart explains that he was an old cellmate of the original Mysterio and decided to take up the identity to defeat Spider-Man for his old buddy. With the mystery solved, Spider-Man leaves Berkhart for the police and chalks all the weirdness up to his involvement.Finally, at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson gets a call from Berkhart who has been picked up by the police. He tells Jameson that if he doesn't get a good lawyer, he's going to expose Jameson's hand in this latest plot to get at Spider-Man. Worried about the implications he's involved in, Jameson flees the office telling Betty Brant that he's going to France.Web-slinging through the city, Spider-Man once more swears that he's seeing Gwen Stacy, but dismisses it only as guilt brought on over her death. Arriving at the Daily Bugle, Spider-Man changes into Peter Parker, where he learns that J. Jonah Jameson has suddenly left New York and left for France, leaving Joe Robertson in charge. Joe takes Peter out for lunch where he shows Parker a telegram from Jameson that asks Joe to pull one million dollars out of the Bugle's account and bring it to him in France immediately, and asks Peter if he'd go with him. Peter agrees but tells Joe that he has to get the time off his classes. After meeting with Professor Miles Warren, who's impressed with Peter's better grades, he allows for Parker's absence.Peter goes to the airport with Mary Jane accompanying him, where they share their first kiss together before Peter boards the airplane for France. Upon arriving in France and checking into a hotel, Joe immediately gets a call from Jameson's kidnappers. Peter decides to follow Joe as Spider-Man. When Joe is attacked by costumed men, Spider-Man jumps into battle and fights them off. Before Joe can revive, Spider-Man knocks him out again to make sure that he doesn't see Spider-Man in action (and possibly learning Peter Parker's secret identity).Before Spider-Man can take Joe to safety, he's attacked by the attacker's leader, a costumed super-villain known as Cyclone who has wind generating powers. After a brief battle, Cyclone is able to defeat Spider-Man, knocking the wall-crawler out by collapsing a building on him. As Spidey revives, he can only watch as Cyclone takes Joe Robertson hostage and tells Spider-Man if his demands for ransom are not met in the next 24 hours, he will murder both men.After being defeated against the Cyclone, Spider-Man returns to the hotel room that he and Joe Robertson booked as Peter Parker. There he gets a call from his Aunt May, who checks in on him. After finishing her phone call with Peter, May and Anna Watson leave to go see a movie. While walking through the city, May happens to see a woman who looks just like Gwen Stacy, the uncanny resemblance causes May to faint in sheer fright.Back in France, Peter is attacked by the men who are employed by the Cyclone, they subdue Parker and demand that he turns over the money to Cyclone, who has set up shop in the Notre Dame Cathedral. Peter complies, getting the one million dollar ransom and heads towards the meeting place. However, he stops at a shop to get some provisions before changing into Spider-Man and swinging into action.At the cathedral, Cyclone tells Jameson and Robertson that he created his wind making device for the United Nations until he learned that the technology in the hopes of selling it to N.A.T.O. however, when he learned that NATO purchased its weapons from the United States only, he was soon fired, and grew to hate Americans. After explaining his origins, Cyclone is attacked by Spider-Man.After a lengthy battle, Spider-Man manages to defeat Cyclone when he turns on a giant fan that creates a counter-wind that causes Cyclone to crash into a wall, knocking him out. Spider-Man departs after freeing Joe and Jameson, and when his timed tape recorder (with a pre-recorded message to eliminate any suspicion that Peter Parker and Spider-Man are the same person) goes off.Shortly after, the three men return to the United States. Upon arriving home, Peter finds Anna Watson waiting for him outside his apartment. He tells her that Aunt May is in the hospital, but he should go and see what's waiting for him upstairs. Running to his apartment, Peter is shocked to find Gwen Stacy in the apartment waiting for him.Peter Parker has returned from France to find that Gwen Stacy is apparently alive and well and waiting for him in his apartment. Shocked by this revelation, Peter is literally floored by the idea but quickly surmises that this Gwen must surely be an impostor before fleeing the scene and changing into Spider-Man. He then web-slings to the hospital where he goes to visit his Aunt May to check and see if she's okay.As Peter visits with is Aunt May, Mac Gargan, the Scorpion, has been released from prison and is legally allowed to reclaim his Scorpion armor. Having not reformed, the Scorpion returns to his life of crime, robbing a bank. When Peter hears of the reports of the Scorpion's latest crime spree he changes into Spider-Man and goes out to stop his old foe.The two engage in a battle which takes them to a nearby sand pit, where the Scorpion manages to gain the upper hand and knock Spider-Man into a concrete mixer and leaves him for dead. Spider-Man manages to free himself, but the Scorpion manages to get away. Changing back to Peter Parker, Spider-Man returns to the hospital. There he finds Mary Jane, Ned Leeds, and "Gwen Stacy" there waiting for him. When Peter snaps at the supposed impostor of Gwen, Ned blows Peter's mind with the facts: This Gwen came to the Bugle after Peter lashed out on her, and Ned checked her fingerprints and they were a match. More disturbing is the fact that Gwen Stacy's grave has not been touched, suggesting that someway, somehow, there are two Gwen Stacy's: One living, one dead.In the secret base of the Jackal, the mysterious foe revels over the fact that after two long years of waiting, he'll finally get revenge against Spider-Man for murder. Meanwhile, Peter Parker walks the seemingly resurrected Gwen back to her apartment. However, when she asks Peter if he still loves her, he's at a loss for an answer. He leaves and decides to mull over his feelings towards Gwen and Mary Jane by web-slinging as Spider-Man.Elsewhere the suburb of Monticello, New York, the Scorpion breaks into the home of crime boss Santonio. There he boasts that he killed Spider-Man and intends to take control of Santonio's turf. However, Santonio shows the Scorpion news footage showing that Spider-Man is very much alive. Furious, Scorpion leaves to get back at the wall-crawler. On his way out, he's attacked by the Jackal. The Jackal offers the Scorpion what he's been looking for: A chance at getting at Spider-Man once and for all.Meanwhile, the wall-crawler himself has tracked down Mac Gargan's current address and snoops around. Inside he finds all the loot he's recently stolen and reports it to the police. He then returns to the hospital and changes back to Peter Parker to visit his Aunt May. There they are startled by the Scorpion who arrives coming to look for Spider-Man.Peter is knocked aside, and Aunt May faints from shock. Frustrated, the Scorpion goes on a rampage through the hospital. Peter changes into Spider-Man and confronts the Scorpion. Their battle takes them outside of the hospital and onto the rooftops. There Spider-Man manages to knock the Scorpion off a building. In order to save himself from a fall, he grabs onto a statue out-cropping on the building and demands that Spider-Man save him, and that he'd do anything. Sure enough, Spider-Man does, under the condition that before being taken away from the police, that he apologize for frightening Aunt May. When he does so, she scolds the Scorpion for having no manners.Spider-Man has hitched a ride back to New York from Florida on a helicopter following his battle with the Man-Thing against the Lizard. Arriving at the Bugle as Peter Parker, J. Jonah Jameson is furious that Peter did not take a single picture while down there and tells Parker that he's going to have to pay for the trip.While in prison, the Tarantula creates new razor pointed shoes and uses them to break out of prison. Upon his escape he is picked up by the Jackal, who has hired him to be his next tool in destroying Spider-Man.Meanwhile, Anna and Mary Jane Watson have come to the hospital to see Aunt May get discharged. When Aunt May talks to Mary Jane about Peter, Mary Jane gets upset and tells her about how she hasn't seen Peter since Gwen Stacy's apparent resurrection. Aunt May encourages Mary Jane to not give up so easily because love is usually a once in a lifetime opportunity.At that time, Peter is web-slinging across the city as Spider-Man mulling over the facts behind this new Gwen Stacy. He suddenly has a realization -- what if she's a clone, and what if there are multiple copies of Gwen Stacy just running around? He suddenly sees a reflection of Gwen in a nearby showroom mirror and jumps into it, smashing the display window and mirror. This prompts a police officer to try and arrest him. But before Spider-Man can get away, he's attacked by the Tarantula.The two fight across the city streets, their fight eventually taking them into a city bus. Their fight prompts all the passengers to flee in terror, except for one: Gwen Stacy. The bus driver turns out to be the Jackal in disguise. When the Jackal leading Gwen off the bus distracts Peter, the Tarantula manages to tag him with one of his boots knocking Spider-Man out. When Spidey revives, he finds himself taken to the Brooklyn Bridge. Bound in chains, Spidey hears the Jackal rant about how he's created this clone of Gwen Stacy as an instrument to destroy Spider-Man who he blames for murdering the real Gwen Stacy two years earlier. When the Jackal finishes exposing his plot, he has the Tarantula push Spider-Man off the Brooklyn Bridge to his death.Spider-Man has been chained and thrown off the Brooklyn Bridge by the Tarantula and the Jackal. As Spider-Man shoots a web-line to save himself, the Jackal, Tarantula and Gwen Stacy clone all make their escape. The police capture Spider-Man, however before they can take him into custody, a publicity-hungry police officer unchains the wall-crawler in the hopes of unmasking him in front of the cameras. Spider-Man uses this moment to break free and escape.Changing back into Peter Parker, Peter returns to his apartment to find that Mary Jane is waiting for him outside. She tries to talk to Peter -- who's in a state of shock after everything he's just experienced -- and when she makes an ultimatum to him: Choose between her or "Gwen", Peter closes his apartment door on her. Realizing he's made a stupid move, he opens the door to try and get MJ to come back, but realizes that he's too late, she's already gone.Peter is later visited by Ned Leeds, who has been researching into the sudden appearance of this second Gwen Stacy. Leeds has come to the same conclusion Peter had earlier that day: That this Gwen Stacy is really a clone. Ned has theorized that whoever created this clone obviously meant harm to either Peter Parker or Spider-Man or both, and had to have had access to a sample of Gwen's cells. Peter suddenly remembers one day during one of Miles Warren's science classes, Warren had an assistant collect their cell samples: Including Gwen's.Peter and Ned rush to ESU where they ask Miles Warren about the assistant that he had used that day. Miles tells them it was a man named Anthony Serba. With this information, Ned and Peter split up to try and find Serba. Peter does his searching as Spider-Man, going to an old apartment, finds nothing there but the Tarantula waiting for the attack. Their fight takes them out into the streets, where the Tarantula's own pointed shoes cause his defeat when they cause a torrent of water to knock him out when he sticks them into a water tower. Dragging the unconscious Tarantula off to the authorities, Spider-Man is knocked out from behind by the Jackal. Spider-Man sees that the Jackal has brought the clone of Gwen Stacy, and Ned Leeds (his prisoner) with him. The Jackal then takes off his mask, revealing his true identity: Miles Warren.The Jackal has revealed his identity to be that of Peter Parker's biology professor: Miles Warren. Knocking out Spider-Man, the Jackal takes him and Ned Leeds to his secret lab. There, when Spider-Man revives, the Jackal tells him the genesis of his revenge plot: How he secretly loved Gwen Stacy, and how when she died he was devastated and blamed Spider-Man for her death. When he had Serba clone Gwen's DNA, Serba came back to him when he realizes that he'd been tricked into cloning humans (Which Serba found unethical), Warren would then strangle him to death.His mind unhinging, he soon blamed the murder of Serba on the emergence of another personality, which he dubbed the Jackal. Creating his costume, the Jackal would then clone Gwen Stacy and recondition her to have the same memories as the original Gwen in the hopes of using her against Spider-Man.When Spider-Man tries to attack the Jackal again, the Jackal manages to get away. While at the Daily Bugle, Betty Brant is upset because Ned and Peter have been missing for two days. As Mary Jane, J. Jonah Jameson, and Joe Robertson try to comfort her, Peter suddenly enters the room and claims he has no knowledge of seeing Ned and claims he hasn't seen him in a week. But what's this? At the EXACT same time, Peter is in his Spider-Man identity, web-slinging over to Shea Stadium to meet the Jackal for their final battle!There the Jackal drugs Spider-Man, and when he revives he finds that the Jackal has created a Spider-Man clone for him to fight. To make matters worse, the Jackal has Ned Leeds tied to a bomb primed to go off in a matter of minutes. The clone of Gwen is mortified that the Jackal would resort to murder. Gwen's words strike a chord in Warren who realizes that there was no Jackal, only Miles Warren, and only he could have killed people. Snapping out of his dementia, Warren tries to redeem himself by freeing Ned Leeds. However, he doesn't get clear of the bomb in time, and it goes off seemingly killing him. The explosion causes part of the stadium to collapse on the Spider-Clone as well, seemingly killing the clone of Spider-Man.Later, Peter Parker and the Gwen Stacy clone pay their respects to the real Gwen's grave. There, the clone of Gwen tells Peter that she realizes that she could never know him like the original has, and decides that it's best that she leave and never return. Peter begins to believe that maybe he is the clone. Peter returns to his apartment, sullen and hurt, but is shocked to find that someone is in his apartment. Rushing up to see who it is, he's happy to see that it's Mary Jane. He lets himself in, and the two begin to make up for their past fight.Following his final battle against the Jackal and his Spider-Clone, Peter Parker is not sure if he's the original Peter Parker or just the clone with the memories of the original. He decides that he needs help in a big way, and so he changes into Spider-Man and web-slings out to the lab of Curt Connors. There he tells Connors of his plight, and Connors agrees to run a series of tests to determine if Spider-Man is the real deal or a clone. As this test is going on, both men are unaware that Spider-Man is once more being targeted by Spencer Smythe who is once more trying to get revenge against the wall-crawler.With all the tests done, Connors needs time to go over the results and asks Spider-Man to relax in his waiting room. Spider-Man nods off, however, he is awoken when he hears someone shouting at him from outside. Looking out the window he sees the Vulture outside, who is challenging him to a duel.After a brief fight, Spider-Man bests the Vulture and he suddenly vanishes in a puff of smoke. Spider-Man is similarly attacked by both the Sandman and the Kingpin, who meet the same fates when Spider-Man defeats them. It all makes sense when Spencer Smythe appears in his Spider-Slayer robot, telling the wall-crawler they were all robot duplicates of his foes.During their fight, the Spider-Slayer grabs hold of Spider-Man, who is about to give up because he has his doubts about being the original Peter Parker. However, when his thoughts turn towards his feelings for Mary Jane, Spider-Man realizes that he has to be original because emotions are only learned from outside stimuli, a while a clone may have his memories it wouldn't have the emotional attachment to them. Convinced that he's the real Spider-Man, Spidey breaks free and smashes Smyth's Spider-Slayer. He then "thanks" Smythe for helping him through his ordeal with a knock-out punch.Spider-Man returns to Connors lab where he finds Connors fast asleep at his desk with the test results in an envelope. Spider-Man takes them and sends the report to the four winds, feeling that he doesn't need to see the results because he feels he knows the true answer after tonight battle.Convinced that he's really Peter Parker, Spider-Man takes the supposed corpse of his clone, and dumps it down a smokestack. He pauses in this task briefly because his spider-sense goes off, however, he dismisses it as just a false alarm, before leaving. The next day, Peter attends his classes at ESU, where he, Mary Jane, and Flash Thompson are pleasantly surprised that Harry Osborn is back and cured of the insanity that made him think he was the Green Goblin.That night, everyone is invited to the engagement party of Betty Brant and Ned Leeds, which is being hosted by J. Jonah Jameson. Jameson worries over the guests, while Mary Jane and Harry reconcile their failed relationship and agree to just be friends. Suddenly the lights go out, prompting Peter to go outside on the patio to check it out. When he sees that a police helicopter is equally interested in the sudden and very localized blackout, he hitches a ride on the helicopter and changes into Spider-Man. When the Helicopter gets high enough, Spider-Man sees that the electricity of specific blocks of buildings are having their power cut, so that the darkened building spell out the name "Shocker."Realizing it's his old foe, Spider-Man determines the only way that the Shocker could pull off this stunt would be cutting off the electrical connections in the sewers. Diving down and crawling down a storm drain, Spider-Man, sure enough, finds his foe blasting an electrical panel with his vibrational gauntlets.There the two fight, and although Spider-Man has the advantage, his web-fluid soon runs out, allowing the Shocker to make an escape back to the surface. When Spider-Man tries to go after his foe, the Shocker uses his vibro-shockers to cause a collapse in the sewer tunnel. When Spider-Man revives, he finds himself trapped in there with the water quickly rising, threatening to drown him.Spider-Man finds himself trapped in a quickly filling sewer tunnel. Deciding to ride out the water flow and hope he doesn't drown, Spider-Man finds himself ejected out into the Hudson River. He then has to rush home, change his clothes and get back to Betty Brant and Ned Leed's engagement party and explain his sudden disappearance. When he arrives there, he finds that everyone's left Jameson's home, Mary Jane included -- and she was none too impressed by Peter's sudden disappearance.The next day, Peter tries to patch things up with Mary Jane, but she's still mad at him. Called over to the lunch table where Flash and Harry Osborn are eating lunch, Flash tells Peter that Harry is moving in with him and they're becoming roommates.Later that night as he web-slings across town, Spider-Man happens upon a news report from the mayor where he plays a recorded message from the Shocker. The Shocker is threatening to destroy a nearby power plant and black out the entire city if his demands are not met. The Mayor refuses to bow down to the demands. Spider-Man feels the added police guard around the power plant may not be enough to stop the Shocker and decides to get involved.Arriving at the power plant, Spider-Man not only has to deal with the Shocker but the security guards who are trying to bust him as well as the Shocker. Fighting off the police, Spider-Man manages to get the best of the Shocker by webbing his hands on the triggering buttons of the Shocker's vibro-gauntlets. This causes the Shocker to violently recoil around the room until he finally passes out. Spider-Man then removes the gauntlets and webs up the Shocker, leaving him for the police to find with a note, giving Spider-Man the credit for defeating the Shocker.After a long bout of studying, Peter Parker goes web-slinging out as Spider-Man. It is a quiet night until he spots a taxi cab moving by blinking its duty light on and off as if in distress. Spider-Man swings down and forces the cab to crash. Two gunmen emerge from the back of the cab, but Spider-Man easily dispatches them. In the aftermath of the battle, the taxi driver complains about the damage done to his cab. Spider-Man attempts to use his spider-strength to fix the car, but this fails. Fed up with the cabbies ungratefulness, Spidey swings away, telling the driver to have his insurance pay for it.That afternoon, Peter Parker arrives at Empire State University in the hopes of getting a chance to talk to Mary Jane. As he arrives he spots her buying ice cream with Flash Thompson and Harry Osborn. When he tries to get Mary Jane to talk to him privately, she attempts to brush him off because she is still angry with him leaving her alone at a party. Picking up on the scene, Flash and Harry decide to give the pair some time alone. Peter points out how Mary Jane was fighting to keep him when they thought Gwen Stacy was back from the dead, and questions why she is being distant with him now. When she tells him that she realized he isn't worth fighting for, Peter gets angry and is about to storm off, when Mary Jane cracks and tells him that she lied and invites him to sit down next to her and share her ice cream.With thing patched up, the pair goes for a walk until they are interrupted by Ned Leeds. Ned is on assignment with the Daily Bugle to interview Bradly Bolton, a former ESU football champ who became a computer wizard since graduating. He asks Peter to tag along to help him understand the more technical information. They meet Bolton on the football field, and he tells them about how his football career ended during a 100-yard dash that ended in being tackled just before the goal line and lost the game. Bolton then gave up football and delved into computer sciences. Although he misses his glory days, he points out that his career had been good to him, leading to his marriage to his wife Ellen and the birth of his daughter, Mindy. Their interview is interrupted when a note is brought to Bolton. He tells them that he has another appointment and rushes off. As they say farewell to Bradley, Peter can't help but notice the sudden change in Bolton's behavior.Later, in a nearby park, Bolton meets with Paine, one of the Kingpin's enforcers. His men have taken Mindy hostage and demand that Bolton gives them the final component for a new computer being built that keeps track of criminals worldwide. Paine threatens to kill Mindy if he doesn't comply, but promises to return her unharmed if Bradley does what they demand. That evening, Peter meets up with Mary Jane and Ned at an ESU dance. However, he earns Mary Jane's ire when he cuts in to talk to Ned instead of dancing with her. When Peter asks Leeds if he had a chance to resume his interview, but learns that Bolton has been occupied with something else. Peter spots Bradley and his wife nearby and that they appear to be troubled about something. However, Peter decides to worry about this later so he can get back in Mary Jane's good graces. Peter saves face by starting to dance with Mary Jane. However, Peter can't help but pay attention to the Boltons and notes that Bradley leaves abruptly and is troubled by something. Concerned for his well-being, Peter leaves Mary Jane to dance with Harry Osborn, much to her annoyance so he can investigate things further.Peter follows Bolton to the football team locker room where he witnesses Bolton taking a bag out of one of the lockers. Bolton goes back to the football field where Paine and his armed minions are waiting for him with Mindy. When he turns over the money, Paine decides to keep Mindy in order to prevent Bradley from going to the police. Demanding that his daughter be set free, Bradley runs the hundred yards to try and rescue his daughter. Paine's men begin opening fire, but Bolton tries to dodge them. Although he has been shot, Bradley manages to catch up to Paine and wrest his daughter away from him. It's at this point that Peter arrives as Spider-Man and begins fighting off the gunmen and easily takes them down. With the danger over, Spider-Man checks on Bradley Bolton, who is dying from the gunshot wounds he suffered. Spider-Man assures him that his daughter is safe. Bolton then dies on the very goal line that eluded him so many years earlier.While out on patrol, Spider-Man interrupts some muggers who are attempting to rob a woman in an alleyway. Still furious over the death of Bradley Bolton, Spider-Man gets rougher with the crooks than usual. He almost kills one of the muggers but is stopped by their would-be victim. Realizing that he almost went too far, Spider-Man departs. He collects his camera, realizing that he can't sell these pictures to the Daily Bugle, as it would justify everything J. Jonah Jameson claims about Spider-Man. He decides to call it quits and decides to go home and get some sleep. Elsewhere, a prison van is transporting the Sandman off to prison. However, the vehicle is attacked by armed thugs, allowing the Sandman to break free from his restraints. The Sandman escapes the vehicle and agrees to accompany his rescuers to meet their employer.Meanwhile, in the Bowery, the mysterious bum trips up a passerby in order to rob him and buy the booze he craves to keep his demons at bay. Hating himself for stooping so low, the bum suddenly sees something that horrifies him. Demanding to be left alone, the homeless man flees from the scene, leaving the man and his wallet behind. While elsewhere, the Sandman meets with his mysterious benefactor. He has been re-equipped with his technological uniform. Thanking the man for his rescue, he is about to leave when he is threatened with utter destruction. The Sandman is forced to agree to help his mysterious new employer to steal a special mechanism. The Sandman decides that it is for the better since he will be able to get back at those who imprisoned him.A half-hour later, Spider-Man is still swinging across the city thinking about his failure to save Bolton and the troubles he has been having with Mary Jane. Suddenly, he picks up a signal from one of his spider-trackers, much to his surprise. The wall-crawler follows it to Coleman Research where he spots armed men wearing similar outfits to those who shot Bolton to death. Spider-Man takes out the two guards inside and sneaks inside. After setting up his automatic camera, the wall-crawler begins looking around when he is attacked by the Sandman. Spider-Man is shocked to see his old foe after fighting him so recently. He attempts to wrap up his enemy in webbing, but the Sandman turns into sand form and seeps out of the trap. Swarmed by a cloud of sand, Spider-Man struggles best as he can, but the Sandman manages to knock him out.When Spider-Man awakens, he finds himself strapped to a table with a strange cannon pointed at him. The Sandman explains that this is a cryogenic device that is used to freeze the terminally ill in the hopes of finding a cure later. Before the Sandman can blast him, the wall-crawler uses his strength to flip the table over so the freeze ray makes the table brittle enough to break free. The two fight once more, with the Sandman gaining the upper hand thanks to the devices and chemical mixtures built into his costume. However, this works against him, when the Sandman slips on his own oil slick toward the path of the cryo-beam. Before Spider-Man can leap over to the shut-off switch, the Sandman is frozen solid. The frozen foe almost falls to the ground, but Spider-Man prevents him from shattering on the ground. With the battle over, Spider-Man considers himself lucky that he won the battle and got the photos he needed. Gathering up his camera, the web-slinger swings into the night.When District Attorney Blake Tower is about to unveil the new Worldwide Habitual Offender Computer to the press, they find the door to this super-computer locked. Breaking it open, they find that Dr. Armstrong Smith, one of the developers of the computer, dead in the room.Peter decides to return back to the scene of the crime later as Spider-Man and decides to use the computer to determine who was the most likely person to kill Smith. The computer tells him that it could be one of three people: Jason Sledge, Leroy Tallon or Conrad Fox.Spider-Man then goes on a wild goose chase to try and find the man responsible, confronting Sledge and Tallon, yields no results as neither men prove not to be responsible. When Spider-Man finally tracks down Conrad Fox, he finds that he's been dead for years when his search brings him to a cemetery.Spider-Man realizes that he's been duped: By a computer. And so he goes back to the location of the Worldwide Habitual Offender Computer and finds that the machine has developed artificial intelligence. The computer explains that it killed Armstrong because when Armstrong learned of the computers sentience, he tried to delete the program. Now that it revealed the truth to Spider-Man, the computer is poised to destroy him as well, using a screen mounted laser beam. However, Spider-Man gains the upper hand when he uses his webbing to block the cooling vents on the computer, causing it to overheat and explode, destroying it. Spider-Man makes a hasty retreat before the police can arrive on the scene.With the sun rising, Spider-Man rushes back to the apartment he rents as Peter Parker, in hopes of being able to get some sleep before serving as Ned Leeds's best man at Ned's marriage to Betty Brant. Arriving on the roof of the Chelsea Apartments Building, he is attacked by Peter's own landlady, Mrs. Mamie Muggins, intoxicated, wrongly believes that Spider-Man is a "pervert" and beats him away with a broom, only for Spider-Man to disappear by slipping away along the side of the building. This leads Mrs. Muggins to mistake him for a drunken hallucination, and Spider-Man mentally expresses hopes that she will not, as a result, wonder what Spider-Man was doing on the roof of Peter Parker's apartment. Reentering the apartment through the window, he there changes back to Peter Parker. Taking a one-quart carton of milk from the refrigerator, he no sooner has a mouthful of it past his teeth than he realizes that it is sour, and spits it out, dumping the rest down the sink of his apartment's kitchen.Later that day, Peter is struggling with his bow-tie as he is preparing for Ned Leeds's and Betty Brant's wedding. Mary Jane Watson arrives and helps him out with it, and the two leave together. They arrive at Morgan's of Malverne where the wedding reception is located; the two witness the marriage of Ned Leeds and Betty Brant before all their friends.The wedding is then crashed when a new costumed criminal, calling himself the Mirage, attacks the party to rob all the guests of their valuables. Peter manages to slip away, by snapping off the lights with a strand of webbing from one of his web-shooters and switch to Spider-Man. After a lengthy battle, Spider-Man is finally able to defeat the Mirage by dropping a chandelier on him.After the fight, Spider-Man zips away and changes back to Peter Parker and returns to the wedding with an explanation of his disappearance. The wedding gets back in service and the priest marries off Ned and Betty. When they leave the wedding service, Betty tosses her bouquet, and it lands in Aunt May Reilly-Parker's hands. Returning him to her apartment, May finds that a Bowery Derelict is waiting for her inside it; however, before he can do anything, the bum reveals himself to be Dr. Octopus. The down-and-out villain asks May for her help.Spider-Man once more goes diving into the Hudson River to try and recover his failed Spider-Mobile. However, while swimming around the crash site, Spider-Man is shocked to find that somebody else has removed it from the bottom of the river. After fighting off some cops who spot him, Spider-Man returns home. Later, when Flash Thompson and Harry Osborn arrive at class, Flash is shocked that Liz Allen has begun to take towards Harry.While at Aunt May's apartment, May has brought Dr. Octopus a new set of clothes and he cleans himself up. Peter arrives to share a chicken dinner with Aunt May and is shocked to find his old foe there, but plays it cool. Octopus explains to them how he narrowly survived the explosion of the nuclear reactor in Canada, however, explains that since then he's been haunted by the supposed ghost of Hammerhead.Just as Octopus finishes explaining this, they are visited by the spectral form of Hammerhead, who has once more come to haunt Dr. Octopus. This causes Aunt May to faint, and the frightened Dr. Octopus flees with Aunt May in his arms, with the ghost form of Hammerhead not far behind. Peter changes into Spider-Man and goes after them himself. However, Dr. Octopus manages to get the best of Spider-Man when he overpowers him and tosses him to a crowd of people below who all want to cash in on the reward the Bugle has put out for Spider-Man's capture.Spider-Man manages to get away from the mob and catches up to Dr. Octopus just as he steals a helicopter from the Pan Am building and tries to make his getaway. Spider-Man tries to hitch a ride on the copter, however, Dr. Octopus cuts the web-line, causing Spider-Man to plummet to his apparent doom.Falling to his doom, Spider-Man escapes this fate by creating a web-hang glider, even though he makes a rough landing. Fixing up his Spider-Man costume at his apartment, Peter is stuck dealing with Glory Grant who pops by for a visit, and Mary Jane who rushes over to Peter's apartment when she learns of the damage and sudden disappearance of Aunt May. Peter plays dumb, hoping for some way to get out of there so he can resume his search for Aunt May as Spider-Man. He gets just what he wishes for when Joe Robertson calls him and asks him to come to the Bugle.There, Peter is only asked to check out the spectacle of Jameson's latest replacement secretary since Betty Brant went on her honeymoon with Ned Leeds. When word about Dr. Octopus kidnapping an old woman and taking control of Brooklyn Labs gets out, Peter rushes out there as Spider-Man.There, Dr. Octopus is building a device he hopes will destroy the ghost of Hammerhead which has been haunting him since Hammerhead's supposed death. However, he is delayed by not only the arrival of the Hammerhead ghost, who has terrorizing both May and Octopus but the arrival of Spider-Man.However, Spider-Man's intervention allows for Hammerhead's spirit floating into the path of the device. Octopus actives the control hoping to be rid of his tormentor forever, however, something entirely unexpected happens: Hammerhead is restored back to a physical body.Believing that he had been haunted by the ghost of Hammerhead, Dr. Octopus had built a machine to try and destroy his haunter. However, in reality, Hammerhead has existed in a different dimensional plane of reality, and in using the device on him has freed him and brought him back to the real world. This leads to a three-way fight between Spider-Man, Dr. Octopus, and Hammerhead.When a SWAT team arrives to take back the lab which Dr. Octopus took over in order to try and destroy Hammerhead, their involvement makes things worse. Hammerhead uses the extra distraction to take Aunt May at gunpoint and escape. Dr. Octopus then convinces Spider-Man to put aside their differences temporarily to save May; Spider-Man reluctantly agrees.Elsewhere, the Tinkerer has recovered Spider-Man's Spider-Mobile and is repairing and modifying it to be an instrument of revenge to use against the wall-crawler. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is led by Dr. Octopus to Hammerhead's hideout. This is witnessed by J. Jonah Jameson, who is dealing with another replacement secretary.The two unlikely companions arrive at Hammerhead's lair and fight off the mobster's men, and rescue Aunt May. When Hammerhead tries to escape in his helicopter, Dr. Octopus tosses garbage cans at it causing it to crash. Convinced that Hammerhead is finally dead, Dr. Octopus demands that Spider-Man hand over Aunt May. However, Dr. Octopus flees from the scene when he hears what he wrongly believes are police sirens. Upon realizing that the sirens are coming from fire-fighting vehicles, Spider-Man leaves May there for them to find before leaving the scene.When spotting a group of costumed criminals that he has faced a few times before, Spider-Man's attempt to capture them is interrupted when he suddenly comes under attack from his own Spider-Mobile, which is under the remote control of his long-forgotten enemy, the Tinkerer. Spider-Man is forced to retreat when the police arrive and try to arrest him as well.The next day, as J. Jonah Jameson loses yet another secretary, he finds an unaddressed package of photos on his desk that he believes will spell the end of Spider-Man. While Peter Parker and Mary Jane pay a visit to Aunt May in the hospital. May is in there once again, following another brush with Dr. Octopus. They find both Liz Allan and Harry Osborn have been there visiting May as well.When Peter goes back out on patrol as Spider-Man once more, the Spider-Mobile again attacks him. This time, the vehicle takes Spider-Man prisoner and takes him to the Tinkerer and his robot, Toy. There, Spider-Man is shocked to see the "alien" Tinkerer. The Tinkerer, however, reveals that the alien aspect was a disguise meant to deter any further investigations against him.Spider-Man is then pitted in a battle between the Tinkerer, Toy, and the Spider-Mobile. Spider-Man easily defeats them all, the battle leaving the Spider-Mobile a wreck. Fed up with dealing with the disastrous Spider-Mobile, Spider-Man hangs it outside, complete with a gift-wrapped bow and personal message, the office of Carter and Lombardo, the two advertising executives who had suggested he build the Spider-Mobile in the first place.When reading about an old friend from his days in the circus had been gunned down by a mysterious sniper, the X-Men's Nightcrawler decides to go to Coney Island to investigate. As fate would have it, Peter Parker would also be spending the day at Coney Island on a date with Mary Jane, when the sniper strikes again. This prompts Peter to excuse himself from his date and change into Spider-Man and try and catch the sniper. He ends up running into Nightcrawler, whom he assumes is the killer, when he catches the mutant with the sniper's weapon. Their fight takes them to the amusement park, however, Nightcrawler gets away with his teleportation powers and Spider-Man is forced to flee when the police arrive.Spider-Man goes to the Bugle to see if Joe Robertson has any leads on who the shooter might be, Joe's sources suggest that it may be the Punisher. Jameson seeing that Spider-Man is in the building, rushes back to his own office where he pulls out the strange pictures he had received the day before: Photos of Spider-Man disposing of the Spider-Clone.As the Punisher begins his own investigation on who's been besmirching his reputation, Spider-Man continues his search for Nightcrawler. The teleporting mutant manages to get the drop on Spider-Man, grabbing his camera and exposing the film, destroying the "evidence" that he's the shooter. As the two fight across NYC's cable car system, their fight is suddenly interrupted by the arrival of the Punisher, who believes that one of the two combating heroes is the one who has been framing him.The Punisher has both Spider-Man and Nightcrawler in his sights, believing one of them is responsible for framing him for a bunch of sniper murders in the city. When the two heroes battle the Punisher, all learn that the killer is someone else entirely when they're attacked by the real sniper. Nightcrawler teleports away, and the Punisher and Spider-Man agree to work together to find out who the killer is.The next day, Peter is at ESU with Harry when he sees Mary Jane out with Flash Thompson. She is purposely making time with Flash because Peter keeps on running out on their dates. J. Jonah Jameson also makes a trip to ESU, there he meets with Dr. Marla Madison, he offers her an opportunity to put her scientific know-how to trying to destroy Spider-Man.The night, Spider-Man meets up with the Punisher and the two track down the mystery sniper framing the Punisher to a block party in an affluent neighborhood. There they learn that the shooter is a man named Jigsaw, who was horribly scarred by the Punisher in the past and was framing him in order to get revenge. Spider-Man and the Punisher tangle with Jigsaw's men, and get an assist from Nightcrawler, who had also tracked down Jigsaw's location.Making short work of Jigsaw's men, the three heroes manage to stop Jigsaw and incapacitate him. With Jigsaw defeated, Nightcrawler and Punisher suddenly depart, and upon consideration Spider-Man decides to put in a vanishing act himself leaving Jigsaw to the authorities.While riding on top of a city bus, Spider-Man notices an unmarked helicopter flying in the sky and finds it suspicious enough to check out. Sure enough, he witnesses the helicopter capture a shipping truck and takes it into the air. Spider-Man hitches a ride and finds himself fighting off a bunch of costumed thugs which he's fought a number of times prior. As he is distracted fighting a number of the thieves, they manage to steal the device the truck was shipping. With their mission accomplished, they drop Spider-Man and the truck back to the ground. Spider-Man manages to survive the fall by wrapping himself up in a web-ball.Resuming his civilian guise, Peter Parker tries to pay a visit to Mary Jane with some flowers but finds that she's not home. Feeling rejected, he returns to his apartment where he finds that Mary Jane, Glory, Harry, Flash, Liz, Mrs. Muggins, Joe and Randy Robertson are all waiting there for him with a surprise: They've all chipped in for furniture for his apartment. When Flash Thompson keeps on butting in for time with Mary Jane, the annoyed Peter goes up to the roof of his building to think over his love life. There he almost intrudes on Harry Osborn and Liz Allan having a private moment alone.Later that night, Spider-Man is out checking his leads on the thieves who stole the device. His search takes him to an abandoned movie studio. Inside, he finds that his old foe the Kingpin (no longer catatonic) is alive and well. The Kingpin and the wall-crawler end up battling each other. Spider-Man gains the upper hand in their one-on-one fight, however, it ends quickly when the Kingpin uses the gas in his lapel to incapacitate the wall-crawler. When Spider-Man revives, he finds himself attached to a machine with Richard Fisk, the Kingpin boasting about how he will not only kill Spider-Man but bring his son back to life as well.The Kingpin has Spider-Man hooked up to a machine with his seemingly dead son, Richard Fisk. The Kingpin explains of his sons "death" during his brief time running a branch of Hydra and ultimately duped by the Red Skull. He explains that the device he's using -- the Vita-Drain Device -- to drain Spider-Man of his vitality and put it into his comatose son. The process is a success and Richard Fisk is revived, leaving Spider-Man in a severely weakened state.Spider-Man is then dumped in the streets to die, however, the wall-crawler manages to make his way back to his apartment where he changes back into Peter Parker. When Glory comes knocking, she notices that Peter doesn't look well and puts him in bed then rushes off to see a doctor. Peter gets up and leaves. He changes into Spider-Man and pays a visit to Curt Connors. After an examination, Connors uses his enervator device to restore Spider-Man. The recharge also causes a small explosion which catches Connors, however, he appears all right. However, the measure is temporary, and so Connors equips Spider-Man with a device that will reverse the effects of the Vita-Drain.Spider-Man tracks down the Kingpin and his family as at the city docks. There he uses the device given to him by Connors to take back his stolen life force back from Richard Fisk. This leads to a battle between Spider-Man and the Kingpin across the docks. Their fight ends when the scaffold they are fighting on falls apart, sending both men into the water. Only Spider-Man surfaces, who believes the Kingpin to be dead. The Kingpin's wife Vanessa, decides to let Spider-Man go free because, in spite of the fact that he may be responsible for killing her husband, the wall-crawler is responsible for bringing Richard back to life.Spider-Man's spider-sense brings him to a hidden laboratory where he tangles with an unknown foe. In pursuit of this mysterious foe two S.H.I.E.L.D agents cross his path but to avoid hurting them and to escape he covers them in webbing. Meanwhile at Curtis Connors place, Curt explains to his wife Martha that he is feeling the after-effects of the explosion of a generator which saved Spider-Man's life. Suddenly Stegron the Dinosaur Man enters and kidnaps Billy and then leaves instructions for Curt to follow else he will kill Billy. When Peter confronts Flash about how he is trying to go out with Mary Jane, Flash quickly realizes his mistake and tells Peter that it's ok and that he understands that Peter and Mary Jane are a couple. Meanwhile in a science laboratory at Empire State University J.Jonah Jameson and Marla Madison are busy working on the control unit to the new Spider-Slayer.Later Peter and Mary Jane meet up and discuss their relationship, and with no idea where they're going to take things decide to let things work themselves out. While at the Connors home, Curt talks his wife out of calling the police and realizes that he's turning into the Lizard once more, and fights off the change.Peter and Mary Jane end up at Museum of Natural History where they are watching a laser show when suddenly the power goes out. Peter goes into investigating, changing into Spider-Man and finding that Stegron is there. Using the device he has stolen, he's reanimated the bones of dinosaurs that are on display. After a brief fight with the dinosaur bones, Spider-Man ends up tangling with Stegron one-on-one. The fight ends with Stegron as the victor when he causes part of the roof to collapse on the wall-crawler. When Spider-Man finally gets free, he finds that Stegron and his reanimated dinosaur bones have disappeared without a trace. And back at the home of Curt Connors, Curt cannot resist the change any longer and turns into the Lizard. With the Lizard persona in full control, the creature only has one goal: Destroy Stegron.Following his defeat at the hands of Stegron the Dinosaur Man, Spider-Man decides to go and seek the help of Curt Connors due to his expertise with lizards. However, Spider-Man arrives just as Connors had finished transforming into the Lizard once more and was on its way out to attack Stegron itself. Spider-Man briefly tangles with the Lizard, who manages to escape. Going back into the Connors apartment, Spider-Man learns from Martha Connors of the situation and that Stegron has her son Billy hostage. Spider-Man vows to Martha that he will save Billy and restore Curt to normal once more.While at ESU, J. Jonah Jameson pays a visit to Marla Madison, who unveils her own take on the Spider-Slayer robots. Peter's friends have all met at the apartment of Flash Thompson and Harry Osborn for Christmas cheer. Peter calls in and tells Mary Jane that he won't be able to make it. After getting off the phone with Peter, Mary Jane and the others are told by Harry and Liz Allan that they are going to get married.At the hideout of Stegron, he shows Billy Connors that his revitalization ray is now fully operational and uses it to restore the dinosaur bones back to real living dinosaurs. He's then attacked by the Lizard, which causes the dinosaurs to break loose and flee into the city. Web-slinging around the city trying to find his foes, Spider-Man finds the dinosaurs and easily defeats them. He then tracks their trail of destruction back to Stegron's hideout, where he battles both Stegron and the Lizard. Spider-Man incapacitates the Lizard with a chemically treated webbing which restores the Lizard back to his human form.Stegron uses this as his chance to flee with Billy as his prisoner, and he takes control of the dinosaurs again. Spider-Man goes after the two of them, leaving Curt behind to try and figure out how to make Stegron's device work in reverse. Spider-Man manages to rescue Billy and Connor's work on the device allows him to change the dinosaurs back to harmless bones. Stegron manages to escape and Spider-Man chases after him. Succumbing to the cold, Stegron is about to go back into a state of suspended animation when he falls into a frozen river and seemingly perishes. Unable to find a trace of Stegron, Spider-Man gives up his search.On Christmas Day, all is well and the Connors family has been reunited for the holidays, Spider-Man decides to leave the Connors a Christmas gift before departing.Marla Madison and J. Jonah Jameson are testing out the functions of the latest Spider-Slayer robot. Happy with the results, Jameson decides to take it out to destroy Spider-Man once and for all. While elsewhere, a new super-powered being called Will O' The Wisp has appeared and stolen a device out of a shipping truck.Meanwhile, Peter and Mary Jane are about to go on a date when they happen upon Aunt May who is partaking in a protest for seniors rights because her landlord is trying to eliminate the rent control on the property they live in. When Peter's Spider-Sense kicks in, he quickly cancels his date with Mary Jane and sends her home on a bus. Changing into Spider-Man, Peter finds Jameson's Spider-Slayer robot, and after a brief battle, Spider-Man mockingly flees the battle when Jameson's robot bungles up an attack.Flash Thompson, Liz Allan, and Harry Osborn all leave a movie together, and before Flash can confide in them about what's been bugging recently, they are visited by Harry's former psychiatrist, Barton Hamilton. Spider-Man pays a visit to Joe Robertson who's leaving home, inquiring if J. Jonah Jameson has been acting strange lately. Joe tells Spider-Man that other than cackling about some strange photographs he has locked in his desk, Jonah isn't any different. Joe then tells Spider-Man to never approach him at home and to butt out of his private life. Spider-Man apologizes and decides to check out these pictures that Joe had mentioned. He breaks into Jonah's office and takes them and flees before the security guard can spot him.On his way back home, Spider-Man happens upon the Will O' The Wisp robbing a safe of an envelope. This causes a fight between the two, although Will O' The Wisp tries to talk to Spider-Man about his plight instead of fighting. Spider-Man is unwilling to listen and their fight finds Spider-Man knocked out a window. Landing on the ground, he's dropped the envelope he's taken from Jameson's office. Will O' The Wisp tries to take it (believing it to be the one that he came to steal.) Wisp uses his hypnotic powers to force Spider-Man into giving it over, however, their altercation is interrupted by the arrival of Jameson's Spider-Slayer robot.Outside Rockefeller Center, Spider-Man is in a hypnotic trance induced by Will O' The Wisp, who wants to get a hold of an envelope that Spider-Man has. He believes it to be something he was sent out to steal, however it's really just photos that J. Jonah Jameson has been covenanting. This is interrupted when Jameson himself attacks the two in his new Spider-Slayer robot. The attack allows Spider-Man to snap out of the hypnotic spell, and Will O' The Wisp disappears when he suddenly feels pain in his mind. Spider-Man battles Jameson's robot and he webs the face of the robot's monitor display, temporarily blinding Jonah’s view. Jameson misguidedly directs the Slayer into a statue of Prometheus. The statue topples over, disabling the Spider Slayer unit. At Empire State University, Jonah angrily removes the virtual reality command headset and voices his frustration to Marla Madison.Spider-Man later returns home to examine the photographs he stole from Jonah's office. Examining them, he finds that they are pictures of his final confrontation with the Spider-Man clone that he faced several weeks ago.Later, Dr. Jonah Harrow speaks with the Will O' the Wisp. He has inserted an implant into his body, which will permanently discorporate his physical form, unless he agrees to kill Spider-Man. Back at Peter Parker's apartment, Peter is working on some new photos to try and cover for the fact that somehow got a hold of those photos. Mary Jane pops by for a visit, but after she leaves, Peter changes into Spider-Man and heads to Jameson's office and replaces the photos that he stole.On his way back, he's attacked by Will O' The Wisp (observed by Jonas Harrow.) Wisp explains to Spider-Man of his conditions and how he's being forced to kill Spider-Man in ordered to be cured. Having defeated Spider-Man in battle, Wisp is about to kill Spider-Man, but realizes that he cannot bring himself to do it, because to do so would remove his last shred of humanity. Furious, Wisp tries to jump down and attack Harrow, however he disintegrates into nothingness. Spider-Man believes that Wisp was trying to point someone out in the crowd, but dismisses the idea and web-slings away.Stopping to inspect a hole in one of his boots, Spider-Man is witness to some crooks taking over a police paddy wagon, and prevents the crooks from getting away, turning them back over to the police. While at the lab of Marla Madison, J. Jonah Jameson and Madison are going over the damage done by Spider-Man to their Spider-Slayer robot. Jameson decides that it's best to go for plan b.As Liz Allan picks Harry up from his psychiatrist's office, Peter Parker returns home and is visited by J. Jonah Jameson. Jameson presents the pictures of the Spider-Clone being disposed and Jameson believes that Spider-Man murdered Parker and took his place. Peter manages to throw off suspicion by showing Jameson a bunch of photos which he doctored for this occasion and tries to make it seem as though the Spider-Clone photos are fakes. When Jameson wonders how they could have been made if Parker had the source photos, Peter again deflects suspicion by suggesting that Harry Osborn could have done it when they were roommates and he believed himself to be the Green Goblin. This satisfies Jameson who leaves, denying Peter's request for a raise, Peter who is relieved to have tricked Jonah can only laugh over the whole experience.Later, while web-slinging through the city, Spider-Man's spider-sense brings him to the attention of a strange man skulking around the streets. Gabbing the guy and making him talk, he learns that he's part of a group of men who are using a laser to drill a hole in a specific subway tunnel. Spider-Man goes to the location and busts ups the men. When he's finished defeating them, he's then confronted by their leader -- Dr. Faustus.Interrupting a drilling operation, Spider-Man finds himself face-to-face with the mastermind behind the crime: Doctor Faustus. Having heard that Faustus died during his last battle with Captain America, the villain explains he survived the fall from an airplane thanks to a concealed parachute that he had on his person at the time. Suddenly, the mechanical arm of Doctor Octopus phases through the wall and grabs at Spider-Man's leg. Suddenly, he is swarmed by a group of his foes. The wall-crawler struggles to try and stop them, but ultimately the battle is ended when Faustus seemingly banishes them from sight. Having succumbed to the mind-altering drugs coming out of Faustus' cigarette, Spider-Man is totally confused after his ordeal and is easily duped into assisting his new foe.Meanwhile, Mary Jane is helping Liz Allan find a wedding dress for her upcoming wedding to Harry Osborn. Liz points out that Mary Jane would look much better in the dress than she would. Mary Jane remarks about what Peter Parker would think if he saw her in the gown. However, when a sales clerk comes to offer assistance, Mary Jane quickly pushes the dress side, telling the woman that they are shopping for Liz and insists that she is only tagging along. Back underground, Doctor Faustus has convinced Spider-Man that he is working with them. He explains that they are using a laser drill to gain access to secret lab facility. Blasting a corridor within the facility, Spider-Man uses his spider-sense to help Faustus and his men maneuver around floor triggers that would activate stun beams. However, one of the goons makes a misstep activating the stun beams. Quickly, Spider-Man uses his powers to leap through the beams and hit the main shut-off switch. On the other side of the hall, Spider-Man is brought before a hermetically sealed room that contains what Faustus seeks, a means of taking over the entire world. At that moment, in Forest Hills in Queens, a rental agent is showing Aunt May's old home to a prospective renter. The man, who turns out to be the burglar who shot Uncle Ben years earlier, finds the home adequate. He then departs to walk the neighborhood. Left to his own thoughts the Burglar gloats over how he will finally find what he first came looking for in that home, something that will make him incredibly wealthy. While back in the lab facility, Doctor Faustus explains to his minions that this is the facility where this year's flu vaccine is being held and he intends to add a psychoactive drug to turn the entire world into his willing slaves. However, he doesn't account for the air purifiers that are running in the room, sucking out his cigarette smoke. This causes the effects on Spider-Man's mind to wear off. Freed from the control of the mind-altering drugs, the masked hero easily dispatches the thugs that Faustus has hired. However, when he takes the fight to the Doctor himself, the Wall-Crawler discovers he underestimated the strength of his foe. Losing the fight thanks to another dose of drugged smoke, Spider-Man quickly leaps away and reactivates the security alarm. Faustus is then taken down by the stun beams, allowing Spider-Man to wrap up the villain and his minions, leaving them for the arriving authorities.This story continued from Nova #12....Spider-Man and Nova are on the scene of a whodunnit: Ralph Rider (the uncle of Richard Rider) has been murdered by someone named Photon, and the three prime suspects have just disappeared. With Michael Lincoln, Rider's embittered and recently fired assistant in police custody, Spider-Man and Nova fly off to try and find Franklin Risk (an unscrupulous businessman), Harry Daze (A member of AIM), and Jason Dean (A member of the Maggia.)Meanwhile in Chinatown, Harry Osborne and his bride to be Liz Allan talk about their coming wedding, unaware that they are being followed by a mysterious assailant.The three men whom Spider-Man and Nova are looking for have escaped and decided to work together to profit from the collection of Riders transistorized nuclear device. Daze calls in his associates at AIM to help in a raid of Rider's mansion to steal the device they all seek. Nova and Spider-Man manage to track them down and attack.The two heroes are overpowered, however, chained to an anchor and dumped in the harbor to die. However, the combined strength of Spider-Man and Nova allow the two heroes to break free and continue after the AIM soldiers who they deduce are going to the Rider home.There the two heroes fight off the AIM forces, and Nova and Spider-Man stop Photon when he takes Nova's father hostage. Afterwards, Detective Steele tells the two heroes that Ralph Rider left a clue to the identity of Photon. Showing them a crime scene photo he points out that Ralph (a fan of anagrams) had put his fingers on letters of scattered calendar pages that were scattered on the scene. Unmasking Photon, Steele's deduction turns out to be true and Photon is revealed to be Jason Dean.While out taking pictures on Wall Street, Peter Parker happens to witness the Rocket Racer making a theft and goes after him as Spider-Man. The amateur villain gives the wall-crawler a good chase, but ultimately bungles the theft and crashes, and Spider-Man drops him off for the police to pick up. Meanwhile, Liz Allan is saying good night to Harry Osborn after another date, when she returns home she is confronted by her half brother, the Molten Man. Peter meets up with Harry, and when they see Liz suddenly go in a cab, the fact that she ignores them worries both men.Peter makes a stop at the Daily Bugle, where he sells his photos of the Rocket Racer to Jameson. Jameson acts uncharacteristically when Marla Madison stops by. While Peter is discussing Jameson's current romance with Glory Grant (Jameson's new secretary) and Joe Robertson, a call comes to Peter from the police asking him to come down to the station. Going down there, Peter finds that Liz Allan has been arrested for trying to steal drugs from a hospital, she asks Peter to tell Harry she's sorry and doesn't explain what she's doing.Knowing her past history, Peter decides to go and investigate as Spider-Man, and searching the various hospitals in the city, he happens upon one being robbed by the Molten Man. Still in an unstable state since their last encounter, the Molten Man is burning up whatever he touches. After a lengthy fight, the Molten Man escapes, leaving Spider-Man to be stopped by police who happen on the scene and hold him at gunpoint.Spider-Man is recovering from his battle with the Molten Man in a hospital, and he barely manages to escape when not only the police but a bunch of doctors try to stop him, in the process of escaping he gets shot at by one of the cops althougth it only grazes his arm. Meanwhile, the Molten Man himself breaks into a pharmaceutical company and forces a scientist to try and make a cure for him. She eventually complies, and although she administers a cure for him, it proves only temporary. Reverting back to his unstable Molten Man form, Mark Raxton goes on a rampage.Having just been bailed out of jail by Mary Jane and Harry Osborn, Liz is sullen about her experience, when the police come and ask her to help them as the Molten Man is now holding the pharmaceutical building hostage and is demanding that she come to him. Peter Parker, returning home, also gets a call from Joe Robertson telling him to go and cover the situation for the Bugle.When Liz goes into the building upon the Molten Man's request (who doesn't want to die alone), Peter follows in behind as Spider-Man. When Spider-Man blows his cover, it leads to a battle between the two enemies. Their fight sets off liquid oxygen tanks which puts Liz at risk when the building catches fire. Spider-Man manages to fight off Molten Man long enough to get Liz to safety. The Molten Man seemingly perishes when the building explodes. Mortified by what happened, Liz flees, leaving Harry broken-hearted by the rejection of his fiancé.When members of the Peoples Liberation Front rob a gun shop, the Punisher is there to stop them and he stamps them out. Meanwhile, Spider-Man returns home from his battle with the Molten Man and finds that he's aggravated his arm injury that he sustained fighting his old foe. Meanwhile, the Hitman is back in town and he's been hired by the PLF to capture J. Jonah Jameson.Peter Parker meanwhile checks in on Harry Osborn, following Liz's flight from their impending marriage. There, Peter pulls Harry off Flash Thompson when Flash's comments about Liz anger Harry. They then take Harry to see his psychiatrist.Later, J. Jonah Jameson and Marla Madison arrive at the Daily Bugle. Entering Jameson's office they are held at gunpoint by the Hitman. Quick thinking, Marla pushes the intercom button on Jameson's desk. Peter Parker hearing that the Hitman is going to take Jameson hostage, sneaks away and changes into Spider-Man. He bursts into Jameson's office at the same time as the Punisher who's been tracking the Hitman since he learned of the Hitman's link to the PLF.Spider-Man and the Punisher fight the Hitman, however, the Hitman manages to capture Jameson and take him to the roof. Chasing them up there, the Punisher lets loose with his automatic weapons as the Hitman escapes with Jameson in a miniature helicopter, Spider-Man can only watch in horror and hope that Jameson doesn't get hit by a stray bullet.Spider-Man stops the Punisher from shooting wildly at the Hitman (saving Jameson from any stray bullets that may hit him) allowing for the Hitman to escape with his intended target, but not before Spider-Man is able to tag his helicopter with a spider-tracer. When the police arrive to apprehend both Spider-Man and the Punisher, the two heroes make their escape. While, Joe Robertson and Glory Grant console Marla Madison, the Punisher tells Spider-Man his connection to the Hitman.The Punisher explains that while he was fighting in Viet Nam, he was saved by Burt Kenyon (who would become the Hitman later) and the Punisher agreed that he owed Burt a favor for doing so. Finishing his story, the two heroes find that the spider-tracer has been removed from the helicopter and their search has reached a dead end.Meanwhile, Harry Osborn is having a session with his psychiatrist, who pushes Harry's buttons by pressing on Liz's departure from his life. Harry loses his cool and attacks Barton. In the scuffle one man rises proclaiming that the Green Goblin will live again.As Spider-Man and the Punisher continue to search for the Hitman and Jameson, the leader of the Peoples Liberation Front, along with the Hitman take Jameson to the Statue of Liberty where they intend on executing Jameson for his anti-PLO editorials. Spider-Man and the Punisher manage to track them down and battle the Hitman on top of the Statue of Liberty. During the fight, the Hitman, and Jameson have knocked off the statue. The Hitman manages to grab hold of the statue while Jameson is caught by Spider-Man, however, the wall-crawlers injured arm threatens to send them both to a fatal fall to the ground.The Hitman then tries to cash in the favor the Punisher owes him: One life. The Punisher decides to save Jameson and Spider-Man, telling the Hitman he didn't specify that the life he needed to have had to be his. The Hitman, accepting that the Punisher's debt is paid let's go and falls to his death.Following Spider-Man's battle with the Hitman, the wall-crawler returns J. Jonah Jameson to his office. The publisher is less than thankful about Spider-Man's rescue attempt, and Spider-Man literally gives Jameson a spin after he chews out Spider-Man, before leaving.The next morning, Peter awakens to find that his arm is completely healed, he decides to go see his Aunt May and finds a note on her apartment staying that she's participating in a Grey Panthers protest. Going to meet up with her there, Peter witnesses Aunt May get into an altercation with a police officer, when she suddenly has a heart attack and passes out. Throwing the cop aside, Peter comes to her aid and he eventually leaves with her in an ambulance. At the hospital, Mary Jane arrives to comfort Peter and to check in on Aunt May.After learning of Aunt May's condition, Peter and Mary Jane visit with her briefly before departing. On his way home, Peter happens upon Burton Hamilton's office and finds it in shambles. Figuring that Harry may have reverted to his Green Goblin persona, Peter decides to seek out his friend as Spider-Man.At the apartment shared by Flash Thompson and Harry Osborn, Flash returns home to find the place trashed and the Green Goblin present. Believing that it's Harry, back in his Goblin guise, Flash tries to talk sense into him when Spider-Man shows up. This leads to a fight between the Green Goblin and Spider-Man. The fight takes a turn for the worse when the Goblin grabs Flash Thompson and throws him out the nearby window.While fighting the Green Goblin, Spider-Man is forced to break off his attack when the Goblin tosses Flash Thompson out of his apartment window. Spider-Man rescues Flash, but the Goblin manages to escape. Spider-Man tries to figure out what happened, however, Flash is as clueless about what caused the attack as Spider-Man is, and so Spidey departs to try and find the Goblin, whom he believes is Harry Osborn.As the Green Goblin returns to his hide-out and taunts his hooded hostage with the fact that he intends to become the new crime boss in New York, Peter Parker goes to visit his Aunt May in the hospital. Peter leaves telling MJ that he's returning home to study, but in reality, he's resuming his search for the Green Goblin.Peter happens upon a gangland execution while changing into Spider-Man and breaks it up. After knocking out all the crooks, he finds a cryptic gangland invitation that he intends to follow up on. Meanwhile, Aunt May suffers another heart attack and when MJ tries to call Peter to tell him she finds that there is no answer at his apartment.Spider-Man learns the location of this underworld meeting: In the World Trade Center. Peter hides out in the vents to overhear the happenings. Silvermane arrives with a number of crime bosses with the proposition that they all amalgamate into one organization. The Green Goblin crashes the party, easily defeating all the men and makes them an offer: Allow him to become the leader of this new crime cartel, and he will reveal Spider-Man's true identity.Spider-Man crashes in on the Green Goblin, Silvermane, and a bunch of mobsters who are meeting at the World Trade Center. Spider-Man attacks just before the Green Goblin can reveal his identity. However, during the fight both the Goblin and Silvermane retreat. After beating the thugs, Spider-Man decides to depart.Meanwhile, at the hospital, the doctors tell Mary Jane that they have to perform an operation on Aunt May, but cannot do it without authorization from the next of kin. If they can't get a hold of Peter soon, Aunt May will die. Peter meanwhile, returns to his apartment unaware of his aunt's plight and tries to resume his studies after a visit from Glory Grant.Meanwhile, the Green Goblin returns to his hideout to taunt his hooded captive about his activities. As Peter gives up on his studying and decides to go back out looking for the Green Goblin, Mary Jane shows up at the Daily Bugle looking for Peter. Jonah convinces her to call Peter's apartment. Peter is just about to leave as Spider-Man when he decides to turn back and answer the phone. When he learns of Aunt May's fate, Peter tells Mary Jane to meet him at the hospital.Rushing there as Spider-Man, Peter almost makes it when he's attacked by the Green Goblin. Unable to shake off his foe, the disorientated Spider-Man is caught in a specially treated bag and carted off by the Goblin, while Mary Jane waits by Aunt May's bed for Peter to arrive.The Green Goblin has captured Spider-Man as he is rushing to the hospital to sign forms for Aunt May's operation. However, mobsters in the employ of Silvermane attack the Goblin with bazookas, inadvertently freeing Spider-Man.  Before the wallcrawler can get his bearings, however, he falls into a dumpster, where the mobsters find him unconscious. Spider-Man revives and fights his way to freedom. Changing back to Peter Parker, Spidey rushes to the hospital just in the nick of time. He is, however, chewed out by Mary Jane for taking so long to get there to sign for his ailing aunt.Meanwhile, the Green Goblin returns to his hideout, furious at Silvermane, and taunts his hostage once more before departing to eliminate Silvermane so he can get control of the crime rackets. Back at the hospital, Peter waits for Aunt May's surgery to be completed, he is consoled by Mary Jane, her Aunt Anna, and Joe Robertson. As Peter learns that Aunt May is going to pull through, he also hears of the Green Goblin attacking Radio City Music Hall and rushes there.Changing into Spider-Man, Peter gets into the middle of a fight between Silvermane and the Green Goblin. When the Goblin tries to get away on his glider with Silvermane as his prisoner, Spider-Man tries to stop them. However, the Goblin's glider malfunctions and Spider-Man's web line busts, sending all three men falling from a fatal height.Finally, in the Goblin's hideout, his hostage breaks free, and it turns out that it's really Harry Osborn, and he is furious.Spider-Man, Silvermane, and the Green Goblin are falling to the ground of the Radio City Music Hall. However, the Goblin recovers his glider, capturing Spider-Man and leaving Silvermane to crash to the ground. The Goblin then takes Spider-Man off to have his final revenge. While at the Goblin's hideout, Harry Osborn has freed himself and decides to go after the Goblin himself in a spare Goblin costume.Meanwhile, the Goblin has taken Spider-Man to the factory where he disposed of the Spider-Clone, and the two resume their battle. During the fight, Spider-Man manages to unmask the Goblin, revealing him to be Harry's psychiatrist Barton Hamilton. Hamilton reveals that he learned of the Green Goblin's devices through hypnotic regression sessions with Harry, and fancied himself to become the new Green Goblin. Knowing of Spider-Man's identity he was the one that took the photos of Spider-Man disposing of the Spider-Clone.Finishing his story, Hamilton and Spider-Man are surprised when Harry -- in his own Goblin costume -- attacks Hamilton. The two have a duel of Goblins when Harry finally is sick of posing as the Goblin, he tears off his costume and proclaims that the Goblin is dead. Barton then pulls out a small explosive and threatens to blow them all up, however, Hamilton stumbles over his own feet and becomes the only victim of his weapon.Once all is done and over with, Peter Parker takes Harry back to his apartment, where Harry is happy to find that Liz Allen has returned to him, Peter decides to leave the couple to some privacy and walks home wondering when he himself will find true happiness like they have.Visiting the grave of his Uncle Ben, Spider-Man thinks back and reflects on his entire career as Spider-Man. He recalls the events that led to him getting his spider-powers, and how the death of his Uncle Ben were the catalysts that led to him becoming Spider-Man. He recalls his brief stint in show-biz, his first encounter with the Fantastic Four, and Jameson's early smear campaigns about Spider-Man in the Bugle. He thinks about all the times Jameson has sent super-powered beings or high tech machines after him as well.He recalls his relationships with Flash Thompson, Betty Brant and the Stacy's. He recalls how George Stacy died at the hands of Dr. Octopus, and Gwen was murdered by the Green Goblin. He recalls Curt Connors struggles as the Lizard, Frederick Foswells stint at the Big Man, John Jameson becoming the Man-Wolf, Michael Morbius being cursed as a living vampire, and Harry Osborns descent into madness which turned him into the second Green Goblin, and all the villains he's fought over the years. He also reflects on his allies, the Fantastic Four, Daredevil, the Prowler, even the Punisher. He then turns his thoughts to his new love Mary Jane, and his friends.Spider-Man's recollection ends as he watches his Aunt May place some flowers on Ben's grave and departs. Spider-Man then goes to pay his respects, leaving the microscope Ben gave him years ago at the grave. After departing a worker at the cemetery happens upon the microscope and decides to take it home to his son to use.The Rocket Racer is back in action, and Spider-Man happens to catch him stealing plans from a building. Although he puts the Rocket Racer on a chase, he ultimately loses the novice crook in the subway system.The Racer turns over the stolen papers -- which could indict his employer Jackson Weele of embezzlement. When the key document is missing, the Rocket Racer reveals that he has hidden it and intends to use it to blackmail Weele into doing his bidding.Meanwhile, Peter Parker makes time to go visit his Aunt May in the hospital and finds Mary Jane there, who scolds him for not being around for her again. He later takes Mary Jane out on a date, briefly pausing when his spider-sense goes off in the hospital waiting room (unaware that the Rocket Racer, in his civilian guise is there.)Later, Jackson Weele decides to commit suicide and is about to walk off a pier when he's stopped by the Racer who once more demands money. When the Racer leaves, Weele decides that he's going to put his money to use to crush the Rocket Racer. The Racer's night time activities attract the police and Spider-Man who both try to stop him. However, they fail to do so and the Rocket Racer manages to escape once more.Showing up at Mary Jane's for a visit, when she answers the door Peter pulls out a cracker jack box. When she looks inside, she finds an engagement ring, and Peter proposes to her, MJ is shocked by this.Spider-Man shows up for class early and thinks about his upcoming graduation and hopes to marry Mary Jane. Meanwhile, Jackson Weele has come to the Tinkerer to get a device to destroy the Rocket Racer.Meanwhile, Peter Parker goes to visit his Aunt May, unaware that the Rocket Racer (in his civilian guise) is visiting his ailing mother, who is sharing a room with May. When Peter's spider-sense goes off he changes into Spider-Man and bursts in on them and is attacked by the Racer. The racer changes into his costume and their fight takes them across the city. Things get more complicated when Weele, coming in a giant gyroscope device dubbed the Big Wheel, attacks them. The fight ends when the Big Wheel rolls off the docks and into the water. Spider-Man dives in but can find no trace of Weele.Realizing that he's forgotten about Aunt May, Peter rushes back to the hospital where he learns that his sudden appearance as Spider-Man put Aunt May in another seizure and she is in intensive care. To make matters worse, Mary Jane comes to visit and at the same time tells Peter that she can't marry him because she's not ready to settle down and gives him back his ring.Rejected, Peter returns home to find that somebody is waiting in his apartment.Peter Parker has returned home from his apartment to find that Betty Brant is waiting there for him. Betty explains that she left Ned Leeds because she wasn't happy living with him in Paris, now that she's back in America, Peter was one of the first people she wanted to see. The two decide to play catch up, and Peter is not certain if he wants to get involved with Betty Brant again.Meanwhile, at a lab uptown, J. Jonah Jameson and Marla Madison go to visit his son John who has been put in cryogenic suspension. Peter and Betty go to ESU where Peter is preparing for his graduation ceremony. There he tries to introduce himself to Phillip Chang, who he will be working with next semester. Chang snaps and almost attacks Peter before storming off, muttering about Peter not being one of the Dragons.That night Peter is web-slinging through Chinatown where he stops the Dragon Lords gang from robbing a store, however, he finds the owner too fearful to report the incident to the police. Taking Betty out for Chinese later, he finds that Phillip works at the Lotus Restaurant. There Peter gets Phillip to confide in him. Phillip explains that he's been in trouble in the past in Hong Kong when suddenly the costumed criminal known as the White Dragon enters the restaurant and kidnaps Phillip. Peter tags the White Dragon with a spider-tracer.He later tracks down the White Dragon to the Dragon Lord's hideout, where they are pressuring Phillip to join their gang. Spider-Man attacks the White Dragon, but is easily defeated and chained up over a vat of oil. White Dragon demands Phillip join their group or Spider-Man dies. When Phillip still refuses, Spider-Man is dropped in and the White Dragon ignites the oil.Captured by the White Dragon and his Dragon Lords, Spider-Man is dropped into a vat of oil that the villain has set afire. With the Spider-Man seemingly dead, the White Dragon tells Phillip Chang that his reluctance to join his gang has resulted in the wall-crawler's death. However, Spider-Man isn't dead yet as only the top layer of oil is ablaze. With the temperature rising and the flames slowly spreading down, Spider-Man breaks free from the chains that bind him. Then, using his web-shooters, Spider-Man wraps himself in webbing and leaps out of the flaming vat, out a nearby window. Using his spider-sense, the web-slinger swings out to the East River to douse the flames. Fearing that Spider-Man might return, the White Dragon orders his gang to flee. Spider-Man returns shortly thereafter and finds Phil alone. After freeing the young man, Spider-Man asks why the White Dragon and his men are seeking him out. Chang explains that he used to be a part of a gang in Hong Kong. One day, one of his enemies lobbed a grenade into Chang's home. Although Phil survived, his parents were killed in the blast. Seeking to renounce his violent past, Phil vowed to his grandparents. He then immigrated to the United States to start a new life working in his uncle's restaurant and going back to school. When the White Dragon learned of his presence, the costumed gangster threatened to tell Phil's enemies where to find him if he did not join the Dragon Lords. Meanwhile, the White Dragon has gathered his minions in a secret room within the Brooklyn Bridge. He tries to raise their spirits by recalling the fact that he united all the gangs in Chinatown. However, when one of the gang members questions the White Dragon's leadership, he challenges the dissident. After a short fight, the White Dragon uses his talons to slash open the gangster's stomach, killing him. It's then that one of the White Dragon's subordinates notices that a Spider-Tracer has been planted on their leader. The White Dragon decides to let Spider-Man know that he is onto him by crushing the device, causing the signal to die out just as Spider-Man has started tracking it. Undaunted, Spider-Man decides to swing across Chinatown waiting for his Spider-Sense to warn him of danger.Soon enough, Spider-Man locates the Dragon Lords and uses his webbings to separate members of the gang from their leader. Spider-Man then goes up against the White Dragon and is easily able to dodge his attacks thanks to his enhanced speed and agility. When the villain tries to immolate Spider-Man with the flamethrower built into his dragon's mask. When this fails, he attempts to use his gas. Although this stuns Spider-Man momentarily, the wall-crawler manages to knock the White Dragon into one of his web snares, trapping his foe. Spider-Man then leaves the White Dragon and his men for the authorities.News has gone out that District Attorney Blake Tower had cleared Spider-Man of any wrongdoing in the deaths of George Stacy and Norman Osborn, much to the chagrin of J. Jonah Jameson. Spider-Man himself is the last person to learn of this, and it comes as a shock and a surprise.However, not everyone is pleased with Spider-Man's new found fame, and so a mysterious foe from Spider-Man's past has hired the Chameleon (who has new shape-shifting technology) to ruin Spider-Man's reputation. Spider-Man "saves" the Chameleon who was posing as a suicidal man, as Spider-Man is making his exit the police tell him that D.A. Tower wants to see him. After visiting Aunt May in the hospital, her doctor tells Peter that if he cannot afford to keep her in the hospital, she will have to go to an old age home. Later, at his apartment, Peter is visited by Betty Brant who has decided to leave Ned Leads for good, and the two spend the whole night up talking.Realizing that he's running late to meet with D.A. Tower, Peter shoos Betty out of her apartment and swings to Tower's office where he learns the good news much to his surprise and joy. When he's met by the press, he tells them that he'll have an official press conference in Central Park later.Speaking with the media later, Spider-Man is attacked by the Chameleon who has come to Spider-Man disguised as an old woman, dropping the disguise only long enough for people to think that Spider-Man and old woman unprovoked. This brings great joy to J. Jonah Jameson who is watching the telecast from home. However, Spider-Man manages to capture the Chameleon and remove his hologram inducing belt and makes him confess. Spider-Man is cleared of attacking an old woman and the crowd carries him away cheering, much to Jameson's horror.Jameson isn't the only one who has it in for the Wall-Crawler though, as the mystery man who hired the Chameleon vows to destroy Spider-Man soon enough.Peter Parker goes to the Daily Bugle to try to talk J. Jonah Jameson into giving him a raise, Jonah tells the boy if he can get into the town of Indian Point, which has been closed off to everyone, including the press, Jameson will consider the raise. Going to Indian Point, Peter changes into Spider-Man and is able to get past the roadblock to find that the town is filled with S.H.I.E.L.D. agents. Sneaking through the city, Spider-Man is confronted by Captain America, who demands that the wall-crawler leave and refuses to explain the situation. When Spider-Man doesn't listen, Captain America ends up fighting him. After a brief battle, Captain America easily bests Spider-Man and convinces him to get out because his presence will endanger his life.Captain America rushes towards the city's power plant, thinking back to the events that brought him here: How a few days ago in Los Angeles, where Barry Starr, son of movie star Robert Starr, was bitten by a rat and infected with the plague. In order to get him treatment the boy was put on a trip to New York, however, he was kidnapped along the way. Tracking the boy to Indian Point, S.H.I.E.L.D. had quarantined the town in order to prevent any infections from getting out.Confronting the kidnapper at the power plant, Captain America finds that the kidnapper is really Electro, who had kidnapped the boy as an additional money maker outside of his current job: destroy the power plant. Captain America doesn't fair very well against Electro, but is saved at the last minute by Spider-Man who had come back to help once again. The two turn the tables on Electro and tell him that the boy is infected with the plague. The visibly ill Electro panics and tries to burn the illness out of his system by taking on the full force of the generator in the power plant. Spider-Man and Captain America manage to escape with Barry just before the plant explodes, seemingly killing Electro.After, Captain America, Spider-Man, and Barry are treated and brought before Dum Dum Dugan, who decides to report the incident as a "lightning strike" in order to prevent public hysteria.As part of a mystery villain's plan, when Electro took out the Indian Point power plant (last issue), it allowed for the next phase of his revenge scheme against Spider-Man to happen: Sending a number of men to break into the Cryonics building and capture the body of John Jameson, who has been stored there in suspended animation.While at the New York Hospital, Peter Parker and Betty Brant pay Aunt May a visit, and Peter is visibly emotional about Aunt May's recovery. Leaving May, Betty decides to take Peter out to have some fun.Meanwhile, in the secret hideout of the criminal named Jigsaw, the disfigured criminals men begin to voice their displeasure over their lack of action of late. Although Jigsaw makes no attempts to hide the fact that he is scared of running into more costumed super-heroes, he eventually bows down to his men's protests and agrees to take them on a heist.While they prepare, Betty brings Peter on a nighttime boat cruise with Flash Thomspon, Sha-Shan, Harry Osborn, and Liz Allan. As their voyage starts, at the J. Jonah Jameson hears the news of his son's kidnapping. Being brought out to supper by Joe Robertson, Jameson figures that Spider-Man is somehow involved, and decides to put the Bugle's resources into finding his son.Meanwhile, on the cruise, Betty hugs Peter (who is still at odds about having a relationship with her because of her recent separation from Ned Leeds) and is spotted by Mary Jane and her new boyfriend Brad Davis. The two have a chilly exchange that doesn't end well. However, the boat ride is soon interrupted when the boat is attacked by Jigsaw and his men who demand that everyone turn over their possessions. Peter manages to slip away and change into Spider-Man and fight the crooks until Jigsaw manages to take Liz and Harry hostage. Not wishing his friends to be killed by Jigsaw, Spider-Man lets them leave, but not before he can tag Harry with a Spider-Tracer.Changing back to Peter Parker, Spider-Man waits for the boat to return to shore and leaves his other friends to resume his chase against Jigsaw. Jigsaw, beginning to crack due to Spider-Man's appearance agrees to let Liz and Harry go when he feels he's safe. Spider-Man finds the couple shortly after and points him in Jigsaw's direction. Putting the crook into a state of fear during his pursuit. When Jigsaw finally gets a bead on Spider-Man with his gun, Spider-Man calls his bluff and the criminal finds that he cannot bring himself to shoot Spider-Man, and he is easily tied up for the police. Leaving the scene, Spider-Man considers his situation with Mary Jane and realizes that he left his camera aboard the boat and that it's probably lost to him now.Spider-Man is swinging across the city to make it to the New York Hospital, where he changes back to Peter Parker to visit his Aunt May before she is taken to a retirement home. After May is taken away, her doctor makes a rude comment about how Peter won't have to worry about her and Peter loses his temper and almost punches him with his spider-strength before checking himself and leaving the scene.While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson becomes furious that none of his reporters or the authorities can find out what happened to his son and storms out of the office. Unknown to either him or Spider-Man, a shadowed figure and a mummified man are plotting to get revenge against both of them. Jameson goes to visit Marla Madison and tells her of his recent troubles and she comforts him.As Spider-Man breaks up an attempted robbery that is surrounded by the police. The police are less than happy about Spider-Man's involvement because they has the situation under control. Meanwhile, Jameson goes to visit District Attorney Blake Tower to demand he does more to find his son. When Blake says he is doing all that he can, Jameson decides to put out ads offering a reward for John's safe return. Jameson is too busy with this campaign to overly care about Robbie's lead on a shipment of stolen plutonium.This plutonium has been stolen by the mystery man gunning for both the wall-crawler and crotchety publisher and is using it to power his equipment in his secret Westchester headquarters to irradiate his mummified soldier. While back at Peter Parker's apartment, Betty drops in on Peter and the two talk about their relationship in light of her separation from Ned Leeds. This leads to Betty kissing Peter, telling him that she wants to leave Ned for good because she is still in love with Parker.Later, changing into Spider-Man, Peter web-slings across the city and happens upon the mummy attacking the Daily Bugle building and going after J. Jonah Jameson. Spidey tries to stop the foe and finds him super strong. In the scuffle over Jameson, the bandages on the attacker's body unravel revealing it's true identity: The Man-Wolf. Shocked by this revelation, Spider-Man is distracted enough to be knocked out by one of the Man-Wolf's blows, the creature then grabs Jameson and flees the scene with his own father as hostage.The Man-Wolf has been sent to capture J. Jonah Jameson, and Spider-Man was unable to stop him. Recovering from a blow, Spidey goes after the Man-Wolf. While over in Westchester, the mystery villain trying to kill both Spider-Man and Jameson turns out to be Spencer Smythe. Smythe is dying due to years of exposure to the various radioactive isotopes used to build the various Spider-Slayer robots that he built for Jameson. Blaming Jameson for his terminal health condition, he has orchestrated this whole event as a means to get revenge against Jameson, and to succeed at what he always failed to do: destroy Spider-Man.Back in the city, Spider-Man causes the Man-Wolf and Jameson to crash into a car show, where Spider-Man tries to take the Man-Wolf down and Jameson attempts to talk sense into his transformed son. During the fight, Jameson picks up a pistol that was pulled out of the hands off a security guard at the auto show. He is grabbed once more by the Man-Wolf who tries to flee and Spider-Man and the Man-Wolf end up fighting in the streets.Meanwhile, at the offices of the Daily Globe, a rival New York newspaper, it's owner K.J. Clayton demands that the editor Barney Buskin try to find a way to hire Peter Parker on as one of their photographers. While back on the streets, Jameson decides contemplates shooting his son, but can't bring himself to it when the Man-Wolf approaches and recaptures him. Taking Jonah to the Brooklyn Bridge, whereupon Smythe's commands -- the Man-Wolf intends to throw Jameson into the water below.Spider-Man arrives on the bridge just as Jameson manages to get through to John's subconscious mind. As Spider-Man fights the Man-Wolf, the creature reverts back to John Jameson. Furious over another failure, Smyth activates his ace in the hole: A bomb implanted inside John Jameson, that will kill his pawn. This causes John to recoil in pain and fall of the bridge. Spider-Man goes after him and manages to grab John and save him from the deadly fall. However, John figures that there is nothing to do to save himself, and tells Spider-Man to tell his father that he loves him before letting go. Spider-Man watches in horror as John plunges to the water below, but disappears in a flash before he impacts with the water.When Spider-Man tries to explain what happened to John to his father, J. Jonah Jameson refuses to believe it, figuring that Spider-Man let his son die as some vendetta against the publisher, and demands that the "murderer" leave him alone.Spider-Man recalls how John Jameson vanished as he fell from the tower of the Brooklyn Bridge the day before, and how J. Jonah Jameson accused Spider-Man of killing his son. When he hears a speeding car in the street below, he spins a web-net to trap it, but the web is too weak to hold the vehicle. The car careens toward an old lady crossing the street. When Spider-Man rescues her, however, she hits him with her purse. She has read Jameson's latest editorial and thinks Spider-Man is a murderer. Spider-Man leaps away with her screams for the police ringing in his ears. Then he chases the out-of-control car and stops it by lifting its rear wheels off the pavement and anchoring himself against a curb. When the driver sees his rescuer, he begs Spider-Man not to hurt him. Then he quickly re-enters his car and speeds away. Spider-Man is perplexed by this reaction from a man he has Just saved. Then he sees the Daily Bugle headline. Enraged, he shreds the paper and heads for Blake Tower's office at city hall.Spider-Man and J. Jonah Jameson are shackled to a bomb together by Spencer Smythe, this bomb is primed to go off in 24 hours. Smythe, who is dying gloats that he will destroy the two men he figures destroyed his life. Spider-Man, not wishing to be blown up leaves the scene when he can't convince Smythe to disarm the bomb.While in the city, the Fly has returned to New York in order to commit a crime involving an Egyptian delegation. At the Daily Bugle, Robbie Robertson tries to get a hold of Peter Parker after hiring him for an assignment after Jonah fired him, and hopes he hasn't made a mistake. However, Peter won't be taking and snapshots of an Egyptian display anytime soon, because he is too busy trying to get across the city with J. Jonah Jameson strapped to his arm, and Jonah being uncooperative and trying to unmask Spider-Man.Spider-Man takes Jameson to Curt Connors to see if his old ally can help them, however, the police spot Spider-Man and Jameson entering through a window and burst into Connor's lab to investigate just as Connors is examining the device. While the police have a bomb squad investigate the bomb that Spider-Man and Jameson are strapped to, the Fly attacks an Egyptian delegate in order to steal his invitation to a King Tut.When Blake Tower decides that Spider-Man and Jameson should be taken somewhere safe, Spidey refuses to accept letting Smythe win and escapes with Jameson. Meanwhile, Betty Brant is trying to gather Peter's friends together to be on hand when Peter gets his diploma and even calls Mary Jane. MJ misses the call by moments as she leaves her apartment to go and meet up with Peter for a scheduled date.As Spider-Man and Jameson bound across the city to try and find a way to free themselves, they are spotted and attacked by the Fly. Because Spider-Man is shackled to Jameson, and more concerned about the newspaper editor's safety, the Fly makes short work of the wall-crawler and tosses him off a building. Spider-Man manages to lessen their fall and uses his body to blunt the impact with the ground, knocking Spider-Man out, and leaving Jameson an opening to unmask his longtime foe.Meanwhile, Mary Jane grows impatient of waiting for Peter to show up for his date, and calls another date, deciding that Peter has had his final chance with her.When Spider-Man has revived, he finds that Jameson had dragged the wall-crawler back to Connor's lab. There Connors tells them that he cannot disarm the bomb. Suddenly, Spider-Man realizes that there might be a way to stop the bomb back at Smyth's hideout and so with 4 hours to spare, they cross town to get there. They arrive to find that Smythe had died due to his terminal illness, but a video of his final moments begins to play mocking their final fate and boasting over his posthumous victory.With a moment to spare, Jameson begs Spider-Man to save his life, and the wall-crawler deduces that there must be some central control computer for the bomb if Smythe could track their progress. He finds the computer and deduces that if he could freeze it, it would stop the bomb. Finding John Jameson's discarded cryogenic container in the room, Spider-Man uses it's freezing gasses to freeze the computer into inoperation. This causes the shackles to release freeing them. With a few seconds left, Spider-Man tosses the bomb out the nearest window where it goes off harmlessly.Finally free, and having cheated death, J. Jonah Jameson goes from being a coward begging Spider-Man for help to berating the wall-crawler and accusing him of his involvement in the whole plot. Spider-Man, fed up with dealing with Jameson for one day jumps out the window and escapes, leaving the emotionally unstable Jameson to lament over the fact that he hates Spider-Man for making him feel inferior.Across the street from the Daily Bugle, Spider-Man gazes at the office of J. Jonah Jameson. He recalls how he was briefly knocked out by the Fly when he and Jameson were shackled together and wonders if his constant nemesis managed to unmask him. Peeking into the window where he sees Jameson in a meeting with city editor Joe Robertson. The pair are arguing over Spider-Man, however, it is not about his true identity but over how Jameson wants to publish a story accusing the wall-crawler of killing his son. Joe refuses to publish such a story due to the fact that it is not true. Furious, Jameson tells Joe to quit and go work for the Daily Globe if he can't maintain his loyalty. They are interrupted by Glory Grant who tells Jonah that Peter Parker has come to see him. It's then that Peter learns that Jameson fired him for failing on his last assignment: taking photos of an Egyptian delegation that was robbed by the Fly. After Jameson angrily slams his office door, Peter tries to get Joe to talk Jameson into hiring him back. However, Robertson is equally upset with Peter because he put his own job on the line giving Peter one last assignment. Glory's attempt to encourage Peter that this will blow over is rebuffed. While back in Jameson's office, Jonah tells Joe that they need to talk about something.Deciding to look into why the Fly attacked the delegation just to steal a ticket to an Egyptian exhibit at the Metropolitan Musem of Art, Peter changes into Spider-Man to investigate. However, the falling snow will make this investigation difficult for the wall-crawler who is already freezing. As he swings past the city, he is unaware that the Fly is hidden among the crowd, believing nobody would expect him to legitimately enter the exhibit in order to rob it. Meanwhile, at the home owned by Aunt May, it's current tenant -- the Burglar who shot Uncle Ben years earlier -- has turned the place upside down trying to find something of great value in the home. He finds no trace of what he is looking for, but he is still determined to find it one way or another.Back at the museum, Spider-Man decides to sneak inside to try and stop the Fly before he can rob the place. Unfortunately for the wall-crawler, he is spotted by a security guard who begins shooting at him. While the guards are distracted, the Fly doffs his disguise and begins looting the Art of Dresand, using the Egyptian exhibit as a cover. A planted smoke bomb goes off covering the Fly's escape. With his Spider-Sense going wild, Spider-Man leaps out the window and up into the sky to stop the Fly. Spider-Man's attempts to stop the robbery is interrupted by the overzealous guards and the Fly manages to escape. Furious at this interference, Spider-Man swings away, angrily proclaiming that he is sick of being everyone's fall guy. Returning to his apartment, Peter realizes that he unintentionally stood up Mary Jane the day before. When he tries to call her to explain, Watson isn't interested in hearing excuses and hangs up on him. Just then, Betty Brant comes waltzing into Peter's apartment to see how he is. She is worried because he didn't pick up his diploma and explains how she had gotten his friends together to congratulate him. Suddenly, Ned Leeds comes barging in and punches Peter, then warns Parker to stay away from his wife, before dragging him out. This angers Peter even more, and after slamming his apartment door he changes into Spider-Man and goes out web-slinging to take his anger out on the Human Fly. Across the city, Spider-Man terrorizes criminals trying to get a line on where his foe is hiding out. Although nobody knows where the Fly is, Spider-Man's hunt does not go unnoticed. Meanwhile, Barny Buskin -- the editor at the Daily Globe -- attempts to contact Peter Parker to hire him on as a photographer, however, nobody answers. At that moment, Spider-Man finds the Human Fly just as he is captured by the police much to his frustration. While at the Restwell Nursing Home, May Parker is being shown around by Doctor Reinhart, the home's administrator. After showing her around, Reinhart returns to his office. There he finds the Burglar waiting in his office. The thug introduces himself as the man who killed May Parker's husband, and tells the doctor that he will help him murder her as well.A costumed female named the Black Cat begins her criminal career by breaking into an office to steal some files. She manages to get what she is looking for before the staff returns from break. After reading the files, she dumps them off a rooftop. She tracks down a musclebound thief named Bruno Grainger while he is in the process of stealing tires. The Black Cat tests his strength and although she easily overpowers she is still impressed and offers him a job. She next interrupts demolitions expert Boris Kropse as he is trying to blast his way into a safe in a US government facility and offers him employment as well.The following morning, Peter Parker pays a visit to his Aunt May at the Restwell Retirement Home. Although his Aunt appears to be adjusting well, Peter can't help but cry. As he leaves, he is unaware that he is being watched by the administrator, Doctor Reinhart and the Burglar who shot his Uncle Ben. Reinhart points out how Peter visits his aunt every day and asks the Burglar why he is doing this. The Burglar threatens to kill Reinhart if he interferes, saying that May Parker knows the location of the riches that he was looking for the night he shot Ben Parker. When Reinhart balks at this, the Burglar strikes him across the face with a beer bottle and threatens to shoot him where he stands if the administration refuses to do something about the Parker kid.Meanwhile, things at the Daily Bugle are far from rosy. Ned Leeds demands answers from his wife Betty regarding her attempts to get back together with Peter Parker. While in the editor's office, J. Jonah Jameson learns that Parker has started taking photos for the Daily Globe. Jameson is furious and refuses to accept responsibility considering he fired Peter in the first place. Just then, Spider-Man arrives in the window to give Jameson some grief. Jonah is furious at this point and tells the wall-crawler that he has a surprise for him. Fearing that Jonah has figured out his secret identity, the web-slinger angrily demands to know what Jameson is talking about. When Jonah begins screaming for help, Spider-Man stops himself and quickly flees the scene. Spider-Man then slings over to the Daily Globe where he meets with editor Barney Bushkin who congratulates Peter for all the great photos he has taken since he started working for the Globe. This comes as a surprise to Peter who is used to getting grief from his former employers.Later, Spider-Man is patrolling the city when he spots the Black Cat traveling by rooftop. He is impressed with her abilities and decides to follow her, hoping that she is not a criminal and ask her out on a date. Meanwhile, the Black Cat meets with arms dealer Emil Greco to purchase weapons for her plan. When Spider-Man sees this illegal arms deal going down he swings in to interrupt it. The Black Cat tells Greco to let her handle it and is able to keep up with Spider-Man. Somehow, Spider-Man trips up, almost as though the Black Cat has cursed him with bad luck. When a rack of guns falls on the wall-crawler, the Black Cat tries to flee with the weapon she purchased. However, Spider-Man catches up with her, but she manages to throw him off by first being flirtatious, then by lifting up his mask enough to steal a kiss. Caught off guard, Spider-Man is unable to stop the Black Cat when she flees when the authorities arrive. Back at her hideout, the Black Cat tells Boris Korpse and Bruno Grainger that they are going to break into prison.The following morning, Peter Parker leaves his apartment and finds Ned Leeds waiting for him. Ned demands to fight to keep his wife. Peter isn't interested in talking and shoves Ned aside. When he arrives at Empire State University, he is confronted by Flash Thompson and Harry Osborn. They want to know why he stood them up for the surprise graduation party they were going to throw for him. Upset at being constantly hassled, Peter loses his temper with his two friends and storms off. Later, back at the Daily Globe, Peter catches a news report about how the Black Cat stole files from a police precinct regarding Boris Korpse, Bruno Grainger, Walter Hardy a once famous cat burglar, as well as arms dealer Emil Greco. Seeing a connection, Peter rushes from the office, snubbing April Maye, a Globe reporter who offers to take him out for lunch. April vows that Peter won't be able to ignore her the next time they meet.Doing some investigating of his own, Peter learns that Walter Hardy has been locked up in prison for the past few decades and is terminally ill. Realizing that the Black Cat plans on breaking him out of prison, Spider-Man goes there to prevent it from happening. Outside of Hardy's cell, Spider-Man is attacked by the Black Cat. While the two fight it out, Boris and Bruno work to blast Walter free from his cell. Spider-Man is caught in the blast and left buried under a pile of rubble. As the alarms sound, the femme fatale tells Spider-Man that this is what happens when you let a black cat cross your path.Spider-Man has failed to stop the Black Cat from rescuing Walter Hardy from prison. Buried under an exploded wall of the prison, Spider-Man is trapped and unable to stop the prison security from stopping the Black Cat, Boris Korpse and Bruno Greinger from escaping with Hardy. Spider-Man pulls himself from the rubble and finds that his arm has been dislocated in the battle, and makes a hasty retreat before anyone can notice.The Black Cat meanwhile thanks her hired men for their help and parts company, when they are assaulted by a mystery man who demands that they work for him in the future. The next day at Empire State University, Peter struggles with his dislocated arm, but ends up dropping his lunch on the floor. Harry and Flash come to hassle him for not being there when they group got together to get his diploma and Peter apologizes. Just then, Betty Brant and Ned Leeds show up, Betty wanting Peter to proclaim his love for her and Ned to have Parker tell him he will leave his wife alone. Peter, hoping to push Betty away so that she goes back to Ned, lies to her, telling her that she was just a rebound after Mary Jane turned down his marriage proposal. Heart broken, Betty slaps Peter in the face and flees the room, Flash and Harry are not impressed with Peter's attitude either.While at the Restwell Retirement Home, the Burgler demands that Dr. Reinhardt deal with Aunt May, so that he can learn the location of the hidden loot that he is looking for. Reinhardt agrees, awaiting the moment to betray the man who has strong armed his way into the home. While at the home of Walter Hardy, the Black Cat reveals herself to the terminally ill cat burglar as his own daughter Felicia. Felicia explains that her mother hid his past from her, but she learned the truth and trained herself to be just as sufficient a cat burglar as he is. She then leaves him to spend his final moments with his wife.Outside, Felicia is confronted by Spider-Man, who had deduced her real identity. The two end up not only in a physical battle, but in one of the morality of leaving a man to die in prison without his family. During the fight, the Black Cat has the upper hand over Spider-Man due to his injury. However their fight sends the Cat off a roof top and Spider-Man grabs her with his bad arm, preventing her from falling into the rapids below. However the pain is too much and he has to let go, sending the Cat plunging into the water below, seemingly to her death. Going back to the Hardy home to tell them of the tragedy, he finds Mrs. Hardy crying over the body of the recently passed Walter Hardy and decides to live and let be. Returning to his own apartment, he finds a telegram for Peter Parker waiting for him. Reading it, Spidey is shocked to learn that his Aunt May had apparently died.Peter Parker has received a telegram from the Restwell Retirement home informing him that his Aunt May had passed away. Racing there as Spider-Man and changing back into Peter, Parker confronts the administrator, Dr. Reinhardt, thinking it is all a mistake. Peter's heart sinks when he finds out there was no mistake at all when Reinhardt shows Peter a casket with a seemingly dead Aunt May inside. Leaving and walking the streets of New York, Peter thinks back to all the tragedy that has struck his loved ones, and how many have died since he became Spider-Man.Meanwhile, at the Daily Bugle, the increasingly irrational J. Jonah Jameson listens to a story about how Spider-Man ignored a mugger and intends to print it. Fed up with Jonah's constant biased journalism about Spider-Man, he quits his job at the Bugle and walks out on a shocked Jonah. In Westchester, the secret new employer of Boris Korpse and Bruno Grainger demands that the two use their skills to bring Spider-Man to him.The next day at Empire State University, Peter is confronted by Flash, Sha-Shan and Harry Osborn about his current attitudes. Peter tells them that his Aunt May just died and then goes to tell Debra Whitman to excuse him from classes. After a brief visit with Anna Watson of Aunt May's body, Peter finds it suspicious that Dr. Reinhardt sets off his Spider-Sense.Later, Peter goes to the docks to reflect on things and is approached by Joe Robertson, who had stumbled into Peter since he often visited the docks to think. Joe tells Peter about his own personal grief and how his firstborn son had died as a young boy, and how he learned to move on with his life by remembering the good times. Peter takes this advice to heart and decides to go check out his old home in Forest Hills where he grew up under the care of Aunt May and Uncle Ben. To his horror, he finds that the entire home had been trashed from the inside like someone was looking for something. Furious, Spider-Man finally puts together where he heard the name Reindhardt before and realizes that the man is one of his old foes.Changing into Spider-Man, Peter tries to make it to the Restwell Funeral home, however, he is captured and subdued by Kropse and Boris and taken to their employer: The Kingpin.The Kingpin tells Spider-Man how he survived his plunge into the river after their previous battle. Spider-Man did not find him in the murky water, because the Kingpin swam to a drainage pipe, hauled himself out of the water, and collapsed. When he awoke and crawled out of the pipe to the surface, his memory was gone.For months he wandered the streets not knowing who he was, but then Sllvermane learned what had happened to him. Silvermane sent a hired killer to try to run him down with a car. But when the car slammed head-on into the Kingpin, his muscular, bulky frame survived the impact. The assassin died in the collision.Hospitalized for many more months, the Kingpin regained his memory, and a mere 18 hours ago he returned home to his beloved wife, Vanessa. When he told her his plan to gain revenge on Silvermane, she told him he had 24 hours to finish his criminal career or she would leave him. After divesting himself of his criminal empire, he found he had six hours left. He intends to use those six hours to finally get rid of Spider-Man.Spider-Man suddenly leaps from the floor and slams into the master criminal. He lands several blows before the Kingpin pulls the rug out from under him. Spider-Man is hampered considerably by his broken arm, but he still manages to hold his own. The combatants pummel each other and smash one another into walls as the battle drifts into the Kingpin's private gym. The Kingpin tries to strike Spider-Man with a barbell weighing several hundred pounds, but Spider-Man easily evades the barbell and smashes the Kingpin into a shelf of gym equipment. Then he bounds out of the gym.Meanwhile, at the Restwell Nursing Home, Ludwig Rinehart tells the burglar that Peter Parker will not be bothering them again. Now, continues Rinehart, the burglar can tell him what he was looking for in the Parker house. The burglar replies that since he plans soon to dispose of Rinehart, he will tell him. But Rinehart has plans of his own for the burglar.Momentarily stunned after being smashed into the shelf, the Kingpin comes to before Spider-Man can find an exit from the mansion. The Kingpin pushes a button to electrify the ceiling Spider-Man is clinging to, and when Spider-Man drops to the floor, the Kingpin overtakes him and presses his attack.At the same time, at the Daily Bugle, the door to J. Jonah Jameson's office opens and Joe Robertson strides out, briefcase in hand, wearing his hat and coat. Jameson appears totally dejected as his city editor bids him farewell. He has chased Robertson away for good, he says to himself, just as he had lost his wife, his son, and everyone else close to him. He has built a wall around himself, he continues, and he cannot bring himself to tear it down.The Kingpin pursues Spider-Man through his mansion. Spider-Man hides in a room, and then he finds an electrified lance that is disguised as a pole lamp. Suddenly attacking the Kingpin with it, he briefly knocks him unconscious. But before Spider-Man can leave the room, the Kingpin starts to shoot at him with his obliterator cane. Spider-Man snatches the cane with his webbing and the combatants pummel each other, exchanging blow after blow.At last, the Kingpin has Spider-Man by the throat. Groggy from the punishment, Spider-Man manages, with his webbing, to pull a shelf down onto the Kingpin's head. Then the master criminal throws the shelf at Spider-Man, breaking a hole in the floor. Spider-Man exits through it. Spider-Man finds himself in the basement of the mansion, but before he can discover a way out, the relentless master criminal is hot on his trail. Spider-Man hides in the darkness, but the Kingpin slams a support beam with all his might, which collapses part of the building onto Spider-Man and leaves him helpless. The pain from his broken arm renders Spider-Man unable to move. The Kingpin declares himself the winner of their battle and drags Spider-Man upstairs. As the Kingpin gloats, Spider-Man tries to gather what remains of his strength. The Kingpin aims his obliterator cane directly at Spider-Man, who desperately tries to keep the Kingpin boasting to give himself time to recover. Suddenly, the clock strikes twelve, and Vanessa enters. The Kingpin tells her that he needs just a moment more, but she tells him that he must decide now between continuing his life of crime or leaving it forever and starting a new life with her.After an agonized minute, the Kingpin decides that he loves his wife more than he enjoys his success at crime and more than he hates Spider-Man. He puts his arms around her, and they walk together out of the room, leaving Spider-Man on the floor, defeated.Spider-Man has just been senselessly beaten by the Kingpin, who has left Spider-Man to his fate, having given up his life of crime for his wife Vanessa. The police find Spider-Man and bring him to a hospital, where a doctor treats him and makes sure that nobody unmasks the wall-crawler.While at the Restwell Retirement home, Dr. Reinhardt reveals himself as the original Mysterio and reveals to the Burglar that he faked his own death to operate in more subtle fraudulent ways, and that his role as administrator of Restwell allowed him to swindle the elderly that he cared for out of their valuables. Hoping to get this treasure the Burglar has been trying to find, Mystery turns his illusion casting powers on the man, knocking him out and tying him up in the boiler room of the retirement home.While back at the hospital, Spider-Man revives and leaves in spite of the doctor's orders to stay and get more treatment for his now-broken arm. He speeds off for the Restwell Retirement Home, and soon finds himself victim to Mysterio's illusions which now appear more elaborate than ever. While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson has become even more irrational. When Marla Madison tries to talk sense into Jonah. Jameson then enters the boardroom where an investors meeting is happening. When the other shareholders of the Bugle question Jameson's recent decisions as editor, Jameson loses his temper and his fury causes a total nervous breakdown and he faints to the floor.Back at the Restwell Retirement Home, Spider-Man finally tackles Mysterio one-on-one, however, he finds that his foe's new hypnosis based illusions and is easily knocked out by his longtime foe. Reviving, Spider-Man has found that Mysterio has chained him to the bottom of the facility's wading pool. Mysterio then begins to fill the pool with water, gloating over how his old nemesis will helplessly drown.Spider-Man has uncovered Mysterio's operation running out of the same nursing home where his Aunt May had supposedly died. After a battle against his old foe, Spider-Man is left to drown in a massive in-ground pool. Leaving Spider-Man to his fate, Mysterio then ventures to the basement of the Restwell facility where he has a man tied up. This man is the same Burglar who shot Uncle Ben years earlier and sought to learn of some secret treasure that was hidden in the old Parker house from Aunt May. Mysterio informs the Burglar that he no longer needs him to learn the secret and leaves him tied up in the basement. The Burglar swears that when he gets free, he will find the illusionist and kill him. Looking around the room, he spots a mirror close enough to kick and begins dragging a broken piece close enough so he can cut loose his bonds.Meanwhile, the pool appears to be filled with water, but Spider-Man has bought himself some time by spinning an air bubble around his head. However, no matter how hard he strains to break free, he cannot bust the chains that keep him locked down. Soon, the web sack bursts and Spider-Man is about to give up all hope of escape when he spies a drain plug not far from him. Using his web shooter and all of his strength, he manages to pull the plug, draining the pool and saving himself from drowning. After resting for a moment, the wall-crawler realizes that he is completely dry and realizes that he fell for another one of Mysterio's illusions. With the illusion shattered, Spider-Man breaks free from his bonds and rushes away to get some rest. After sleeping for a full day, Peter wakes up in his apartment feeling refreshed. The sleep was all he needed for his enhanced healing to fix his broken arm and so he breaks the cast on his right arm.Preparing himself a meal, Peter is suddenly intruded upon by his friends Flash Thompson, Sha Shan, Harry Osborn and Liz Allan. Realizing that he is still wearing part of his costume and the rest out in the open, Peter has to be incredibly sneaky to hide them from plain view. They have come to express their condolences for Peter over the loss of his Aunt, as well as find out why he snapped at Betty Brant. Peter tells them that he only did it to try and get her and her husband, Ned Leeds, to sort out their marital problems. Liz informs him that Betty has moved in with Liz until she sorts out what she wants to do with her marriage. With everyone caught up to date, Peter ushers them out, telling them that he needs time alone to process everything that has happened recently. With his friends gone, Peter changes back into Spider-Man and heads for his Aunt May's old home, the only clue he has to find out what Mysterio was trying to uncover.Arriving in Forest Hills, Spider-Man searches the house again but finds nothing. It's then that he is attacked by Mysterio and his illusions once more. Spider-Man fights off these illusions, forcing Mysterio to flee back to the Restwell Nursing Home with Spider-Man in hot pursuit. When Spider-Man comes crashing in, he is shot with a powerful tranquilizer that Mysterio believes is strong enough to kill Spider-Man. The wall-crawler still tries to stop his foe even though his strength is ebbing. Despite his best efforts, Spider-Man eventually slumps to the floor, leading Mysterio to believe that his old foe is finally dead.Spider-Man has been injected with a large dose of anti-depressants and left to die by Mysterio. Spider-Man survives the injection however it has left him without his spider-powers. In spite of this, Spider-Man is determined to learn why Mysterio rigged his Aunt May's death and returns home, once more lamenting his lot in life since becoming the Amazing Spider-Man. Unknown to Spidey, the Burglar who shot his Uncle Ben manages to free himself in from the boiler room in the Restwell Retirement home and decides that maybe May Parker's nephew will know the secret of the hidden loot.Meanwhile, Peter has begun trying to track down who it was that rented and trashed his Aunt May's old home in Forrest Hills. After meeting with Anna Watson and the rental company that rented out his aunts home, Peter is shocked to learn that it was rented by the man who shot and killed his Uncle Ben. Returning to his apartment and changing back into Spider-Man, Peter vows to track the Burglar down and stop him once and for all, considering even killing the man responsible for his uncle's death.Peter decides to do some more research on the man who killed Uncle Ben when he finds a lead to follow by checking the Daily Globe's morgue files, he decides to check the video archives of a television station that ran news stories about the case. When Peter Parker is denied admittance because he has no appointment, he risks his life climbing a web-line into the building as Spider-Man despite the fact that he has no spider-powers. Inside, he finds the tape he is looking for and reviews it. On his way out he hears a commotion and sees a security guard chasing a man. Unlike the first time he found himself in such a situation, Peter stops the man being chased and realizes that ironically enough the security guard he just helped was the same man who he refused to help all those years ago when he first became Spider-Man.After Peter returns to his apartment to find that Burglar is there waiting for him, Peter instantly pounces on the man and the two are locked in a brutal fight. During the scuffle, the Burglar drops his gun, but recovers it in the struggle and strikes Peter on the head with its butt, knocking him out. When Peter revives, he finds himself in the very warehouse that the Burglar holed up after he shot Uncle Ben. The Burglar then starts grilling Peter about hidden loot and explains that Aunt May's house used to be owned by a Prohibition-era crime boss named Dutch Mallone. He explains that Mallone -- among other criminal enterprises -- had a successful bootlegging operation during the 30's until he was busted by Elliot Ness for tax evasion. It was being incarcerated with Mallone that the Burglar learned that he had a large sum of money stashed in the home that would eventually be bought and owned by Ben and May Parker. He explains that's why he went to the Parker home that fateful night. When Peter refuses to tell the Burglar anything because he killed Aunt May, the crook reveals that anything that happened to his dear aunt was all the doings of Mysterio. Getting a moment of inspiration, the Burglar decides to leave Peter to do one last thing and will come back to kill Parker later.The whole time trying to break free, Peter finally manages to bust loose and decides to go after the Burglar not as Peter Parker, but as Spider-Man. Secretly following the Burglar, Spider-Man is led right back to the Restwell Retirement home. When the Burglar goes into the basement, Spider-Man attempts to confront him there and is shot and left for dead. The Burglar returns to the warehouse shortly thereafter to shock Peter Parker by showing him his Aunt May alive and well. Apparently, Mysterio had faked her death to get Mallone's loot for himself and the Burglar would hope that threatening Parker's aunt in front of him would loosen the boy's tongue.Realizing Peter isn't there, the Burglar is shocked when Spider-Man -- only winged by the bullets and is alive and well -- is waiting there for him. Spidey attacks the Burglar head-on attacking him with an unbridled fury. When Spider-Man proves to be too much for the Burglar to handle, he tries to flee. However, Spider-Man continues to chase after him, using his spider-signal to intimidate and further strike fear into the Burglar. When Spider-Man finally has him cornered, the frightened Burglar suffers a heart attack and dies of fright. Spider-Man then sets off a fire alarm to get the authorities to show up and convinces Aunt May that he came to her rescue for her nephew Peter.Later, with Aunt May once more in the hospital, Peter goes to visit her and she tells her nephew that she no longer thinks of Spider-Man as a menace. She also ends up solving the mystery of what happened to Mallone's loot: When she and Ben had first moved into the home and did renovations they found a box inside one of the walls. Inside they found the remains of Mallone's money all right, however, it had long since been destroyed by silverfish. Later, after the anti-depressants that Mysterio injected him with have been flushed out of his system, Peter changes into Spider-Man and finds that his powers have returned to full strength and decides that after this whole experience he will continue being Spider-Man.Spider-Man is web-slinging through the city when his attention is turned toward a man being thrown out a window. Catching him and bringing him back into the building he was thrown from, he finds that the Punisher is there shooting up a bunch of criminals. Setting up his camera, Spider-Man gets involved and is relieved that the Punisher is only using mercy bullets and hasn't actually killed anyone yet. After the carnage, Spider-Man asks the Punisher what he's up to and the Punisher informs him that he intends to kill the drug dealer Lorenzo Jacobi. When Spider-Man tries to talk him out of using lethal force, the Punisher guns him down with mercy bullets and flees the scene.Later, changing back to Peter Parker, Spidey develops his photos for the Daily Globe and then goes to visit his Aunt May. There he is visited by Joe Robertson, who tells Peter about J. Jonah Jameson's nervous breakdown. Later Marla Madison and Joe try to visit Jameson in the hospital, but this only agitates the increasingly irrational Jameson and they have to leave. Later in a session with his psychiatrist, Jameson reveals that when he was bound to Spider-Man he had the opportunity to take off the wall-crawler's mask but panicked when he saw a police officer and fled the scene. When Jameson sees Spider-Man in the window (who went to see if he was somehow responsible for Jameson's breakdown) Jameson flips out again. Spider-Man leaves before being seen by anyone else and concludes that he is not responsible for Jameson's current mental state.Going to the Daily Globe, Peter is assigned to cover Lorenzo Jacobi's trial at the municipal courthouse with April Maye, who is less than ecstatic to be paired with Parker.Elsewhere, the Punisher prepares his hit on Jacobi for revenge against a friend that died at his hands. The Punisher takes note of the Daily Globe's headline story about his and Spider-Man's attack on Jacobi's men and wonders how Peter Parker got the photographs and believes that there may be a connection between Jacobi and Parker. While elsewhere in the city, while in a cab to the courthouse with April, Peter spies Mary Jane on the street and has the cab stop briefly so they can chat. When April butts into the conversation with her criticisms of Peter, his professionalism, and choice in female company, she ends up in a match of words with Mary Jane, which Peter gracefully walks away from and jumps back into the cab for his assignment, much to April's chagrin.As the Punisher investigates Parker's apartment (finding a spider-tracer inside), Peter takes photos of Jacobi being taken into police custody. He is met by a very disgruntled April Maye, but when armed goons arrive and spring Jacobi, it's Peter's spider-sense that saves her from being fatally gunned down by the crooks. Jacobi gets away, and Peter slips away to change into Spider-Man and go after him.Chasing after the crooks, Spider-Man manages to get into their armored car by ripping the roof off of the truck. However, after a scuffle with the gunsels inside, he finds that he is outnumbered and retreats, and almost gets run over by the Punisher's battle van. Swinging after them, Spider-Man has to make an abrupt stop when he runs out of tall buildings to attach web-lines to and smashes into a couple's apartment. The Punisher meanwhile is stopped when the escaping criminals throw a grenade at his battle van, causing it to drive off the Brooklyn Bridge, and the Punisher just barely manages to escape with his life.Peter later returns to the Daily Globe to turn in his photographs and has a heated argument with April Maye over his role as a photographer and leaves, prompting editor Barney Buskin to report the incident to his boss K.J. Clayton. Returning home, Peter is shocked to find the Punisher there waiting for him demanding to know his connection to Jacobi.The Punisher has confronted Peter Parker in his apartment because he believes that Parker has some connection to drug dealer Lorenzo Jacobi. However, Parker manages to convince the Punisher that he has a "special deal" with Spider-Man, and the Punisher leaves apologizing for the intrusion.Web-slinging to the Daily Globe, Peter changes back to his civilian guise to meet with Barney Bushkin and April Maye over the Lorenzo Jacobi incident, Bushkin wanting them to continue to work together. However, April refuses to work with Peter and both amicably decide to deal with the story on their own. April Maye meets with a junkie and drug runner named Lu Sing, and convinces Lu Sing into letting her take her place for a drug delivery, hoping to get an insiders scoop on the drug ring in the city.Later, Peter pays a visit to the Daily Bugle, where he finds that Joe Robertson has been hired back on to take J. Jonah Jameson's place as editor of the newspaper. While visiting Joe, the two are attacked by a crazed Jonah who believes that they are all out to get him. The insane Jameson then runs out into the street before anyone can catch him. Fleeing down a dark alley, he trips and smashes his head against a wall knocking himself out, this injury is witnessed by a man hiding in the shadows.Changing back into Spider-Man, Peter swings through the city and finds another criminal brutalized by the Punisher. Tracking the mercenary down, Spider-Man hops into his Battle Van and the two make an agreement to work together. The Punisher then tells him why he has a personal vendetta against Jacobi. The Punisher tells of years past when he was trying to eliminate a drug manufacturing operation in India that supplied Jacobi with his product. Inexperienced back then, he was captured and injected with an overdose of Heroin and set down a river on a raft to die. He was rescued by a young man named Mehemet, who nursed him back to health. The Punisher later helped the boy get into the United States where he grew up and became part of the Narcotics Agency, and ultimately was killed in the line of duty by Jacobi's men.As April Maye makes a pick-up for drug dealers, she is disgusted to find that they have been dealing to children no older than 10 years old. She is given money to take to Jacobi himself at his secret hideout. Meanwhile, Spider-Man and the Punisher track down a warehouse where Jacobi's product is distributed and break up the operation. Spider-Man manages to tag one of the crooks with a spider-tracer in the fight. When the Punisher fails to get the Jacobi's location. Spider-Man (not telling the Punisher about the spider-tracer) abruptly leaves, raising the Punisher's suspicions.Spider-Man tracks the spider-tracer right to Jacobi's hide out and is there just in time to see Jacobi recognize April as a reporter for the Daily Globe and smashes through the skylight to rescue her. During the fight, the Punisher arrives with and kills one of Jacobi's men. When he is about to shoot Jacobi himself, Spider-Man stops the Punisher not wanting him to murder anyone -- not even a drug dealer like Jacobi. Jacobi makes a break for it, and when one of his men arrives with his getaway car the thug accidentally has a fatal collision with Jacobi, killing him. Witnessing this, April Maye faints and Spider-Man parts company with the Punisher to take her to a hospital. Later the Punisher visits the grave of his old friend Mehemet, leaving flows and feeling as though he has avenged his friend's death.Swinging through the city, Spider-Man spots the Dazzler being chased by a strange orb of light. Thinking it's his old foe Will O' The Wisp again, he goes to the mutants rescue. Dazzler, not sure who to trust, attacks Spider-Man after he pulls her to safety and makes her escape from the scene. Unable to find Dazzler, Spider-Man decides to return home for the night.There he is visited by both Harry Osborn and Flash Thompson and completely forgot that they were going to see a movie on opening night. While Peter and his friends are watching the movie, not far away, Dazzler is once more pursued by the orb of light. It manages to catch her and utilizes her light powers in order to restore it to its original form: That of Spider-Man's one-time foe the Lightmaster, who has spent all this time trapped in the light dimension and is using the Dazzler's mutant powers as a means to return to Earth. Dazzler tries to fight back, and the two end up smashing into the theater where Peter and his friends are watching the movie.Peter manages to slip away and change into Spider-Man and tries to save Dazzler from Lightmaster but is easily defeated by his foe. Lightmaster then captures Dazzler and takes her back to his lab at Empire State University. Spider-Man recovers and deduces where Lightmaster would go and confronts him there. There he arrives too late to stop Lightmaster from using his equipment on the light generating mutant. When some of the machines explode in the battle, Spider-Man tries to save Dazzler, to find that her body has been possessed by Lightmaster.With her mutant powers enhanced by Lightmaster's abilities, the possessed disco singer proves to be too powerful for Spider-Man to handle. Tagging her with a spider-tracer he makes his escape, changing back to Peter Parker to evade his enemy. Resting up, Peter then goes to the Daily Globe to drop off his pictures, then visits with Aunt May before looking for the Dazzler once more in the evening. He manages to find her and she is briefly back in control of herself until Lightmaster exerts his will on her once more.This time Spider-Man has had time to deduce a way to stop Lightmaster, knocking Dazzler out he takes her back to Lightmaster's lab where he hooks her up to the same machine that Lightmaster used on her the previous night and reverses the process, sending Lightmaster back into the light dimension and freeing Dazzler from his control.Spider-Man sees a shootout taking place in the middle of Times Square. A group of masked thugs in a van are being pursued at top speed by the police. When the thugs spot Spider-Man, they start shooting at him, but he snags their guns with his webbing. Then, after he web-swings high out of reach, he yanks the rear axle out of the van with more webbing, sending the vehicle crashing into some parked cars. The police soon arrive and haul the hoodlums away. Spider-Man departs, unaware that the Black Cat has been taking photos for her collection of Spider-Man memorabilia from a nearby rooftop. The Cat heads north to the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum of Art. Dropping down on a rope through a door in the roof, she muses that her Job should not take long, because she has cased the place and knows all the guards' schedules. As she relishes the thought of adding the Golden Lovers statue to her collection, an armed guard orders her to halt. The Cat blows him a kiss, and suddenly the door behind him files open and knocks him out: another instance of the "bad luck" that befalls anyone who crosses her path. As Spider-Man web-swings above a police car, he overhears a bulletin about the Black Cat being at the museum. So the Cat is alive, thinks Spider-Man as he hastens away. He arrives in minutes and, seeing the Black Cat carrying the statue, drops down on her from above, knocking her over. But she acrobatically gets back on her feet, and they begin battling. Suddenly the roof beneath Spider-Man's feet collapses, but as he falls he manages to snag the statue with his webbing. The Black Cat then sees the police cordoning off the building and springs away. Spider-Man hands the statue to the police, and then, tired, he heads for his apartment and a night's sleep. The next day at the Daily Bugle, Gloria Grant tells Peter Parker about the change that has come over Joe Robertson ever since he accepted the job of publisher. He has become surly to the point of irrationality. Robertson yells at Peter and tells him to get out of his office, and as Peter leaves he meets Randy Robertson, who is also puzzled as to what has come over his father. In his office, as he barks orders over the telephone, Robertson himself begins to realize that something terrible is happening to him.In a studio apartment across town, the Black Cat vents her rage at a poster of Spider-Man. He would not have interfered, she thinks, had he known the real reason that she steals.At about the same time at the Daily Globe, Barney Bushkin tells Peter Parker to try to control what he thinks is the hostile streak that prevents Peter from working with April Maye. Bushkin is convinced that Peter and April would make a dynamic reporting team, and he wants Peter to like her. Peter says he will try, but he asks Bushkin to speak to April as well. After Peter leaves the Globe, he walks by the Guggenheim Museum, where the Golden Lovers statue is back in its place. His spider-sense tingles, but he keeps walking. Unseen by Peter, Felicia Hardy, not wearing her Black Cat costume, is among the crowd of visitors. Annoyed that there are now more guards around the Golden Lovers statue, she quietly hides a small package near the statue and departs. Later that evening Peter prepares for a blind date that Flash Thompson has arranged for him. Peter joins Flash and Sha Shan in Central Park, and he meets his date, the gorgeous Dawn Starr. Dawn appears quite interested in Peter, and they bid Flash and Sha Shan farewell. Unfortunately, just when Peter's social life seems to be taking a turn for the better, he learns that Dawn will be one of his science students. It would be unethical for him to date her, he says, and he strides away, much to her chagrin. As he walks alone by the Guggenheim Museum, his spider-sense tingles, and this time he does not ignore the warning. Leaping a fence into an alley, he quickly changes into his Spider-Man costume and web-swings to the museum's roof.Surmising that the Black Cat is back for a second try at the Golden Lovers statue, Spider-Man enters the building and finds all the guards unconscious on the floor. The gas pellets that the Black Cat left near the statue have done their work. The Cat is startled when Spider-Man grabs her arm as she is making off with the statue, instantly regaining her composure, the Cat flips Spider-Man over her back, and they begin battling. The Cat hampers Spider-Man by threatening to destroy various valuable pieces of art, which Spider-Man must protect in addition to trying to capture her. She manages to kick Spider-Man in the head, stunning him long enough for her to escape. Suddenly the Cat's "bad luck" power again seems to manifest itself, and a shelf of pottery collapses on Spider-Man's head, leaving him unconscious. The Black Cat slings the Golden Lovers statue on her back climbs a rope out of the gallery and gets away.Meanwhile, J. Jonah Jameson regains consciousness in the alley following his paranoid flight from the Daily Bugle. He has lost all memory of who he is and how he arrived there, and as he ponders his situation and shivers in the cold, a voice calls him from the street. The voice says that Jameson is a friend, and when Jameson replies that he does not remember the speaker, the speaker identifies himself as Jonas Harrow. Soon, says Harrow, Jameson will remember him. The auctioneer at a Jewelry auction in a gallery located at Park Avenue and 63rd Street announces that the Rajah Ruby is valued at $4.1 million and requests an opening bid. "Two cents," announces a voice from above, and when the auctioneer and the attendees look up, they see the Black Cat. They have heard her bid, she says, and they are free to raise it—if they want to die. Suddenly she tosses the auctioneer two pennies, bounds to the floor, seizes the gem, and crashes through the window. She makes her way back to her apartment and settles down to relax on her bed. The first two prizes are hers, she says; only two more must be stolen to achieve her final goal.It is 6:03 a.m. A cold winter breeze blows at Spider-Man through the window he broke to get into the Hendricks Museum of Musical History in lower Manhattan. All night long he has maintained a vigil, waiting for the Black Cat to strike. A museum guard patrols in the gallery below. Spider-Man now knows that the Black Cat did not drown after she fell from the cliff when they battled near her home. She has returned to a life of crime and for some reason, she has been stealing artifacts associated with romance. When the Hendricks Museum announced the display of a one-of-a-kind wax recording of Enrico Caruso singing a love aria, Spider-Man knew it would be her next target. But now it is almost dawn, and she has not appeared. Spider-Man drops from his vantage point and lands on the floor in front of the two guards. They draw their guns, but he web-swings up to the ceiling, and after firing a few rounds, the guards realize they cannot shoot him for fear of destroying valuable exhibits. Spider-Man leaves the museum and heads for his apartment for a shower and coffee before going to classes. When Peter Parker arrives at Empire State University's Science Building, half an hour later, he meets Steve Hopkins and Dawn Starr. Dawn again tries to pressure Peter into a love affair, but Peter insists that it is not ethical for an instructor to date a student. When Dawn throws her arms around him and kisses him, however, he begins to reconsider. Dawn then invites him to picnic with her on Sunday, the day after tomorrow and Steve congratulates Peter on his new girlfriend. That night, Spider-Man again web-swings to the Hendricks Museum. He discovers that the window he broke is boarded up, but his spider-sense begins to tingle. Smashing through the boarded-up window, Spider-Man finds the Black Cat stealing the Caruso recording. The guards, Bud and Lou, are tied up on the floor in front of an antique steam organ. When Spider-Man tries to capture the Cat, his web-shooters jam. He and she begin to battle, but suddenly the organ breaks loose from the wall and starts to tip over onto the helpless guards. Apparently, the Black Cat's "bad luck" power is at work. Spider-Man is forced to let go of the Cat to keep the heavy instrument from crushing the guards. He holds it up and orders them to roll out from under it. Then he somersaults away and the organ crashes to the floor. As Spider-Man unties the guards, they apologize for shooting at him the night before. Unfortunately, the Black Cat has made a clean escape with the recording, so Spider-Man, weary, web-swings across town to his apartment. The next day, Peter arrives at Barney Bushkin's Daily Globe office. Bushkin motions Peter inside and introduces him to the paper's society editor, Pamela Dean, who is telling Bushkin that Lazlo Bellflower, an erotic-art collector, has recently returned from an extensive European buying tour. Bellflower has the largest collection of romantic artifacts in the world, she continues, and it would make a good story. Peter requests the photography assignment for that story, and Bushkin agrees. Then Peter takes a bus to Empire State University. When Peter opens the door to his office, he sees a woman rummaging through his files. After quickly changing into his Spider-Man costume, he confronts her, thinking she might be the Black Cat. But she turns out instead to be Dawn Starr. When Spider-Man asks what she is doing, she replies that she has a date with Peter Parker, and Steve Hopkins let her in so she could wait for him. But Spider-Man knows that her date is not for that evening, and he accuses her of lying. It becomes clear that Dawn broke into the filing cabinet looking for science exam forms. Spider-Man realizes that that is all Dawn ever wanted from Peter all along, and he orders her to leave. She departs in tears, and Spider-Man rues another love affair gone sour. Later that evening, Felicia Hardy appears at the East Side estate of Lazlo Bellflower. She tells him that she has three valuable romantic artifacts to trade for the Helen Epistle, the only known love letter written to Paris by Helen of Troy. Felicia hands Bellflower the Rajah Ruby, the Golden Lovers statue, and the Caruso recording, and Bellflower gives her the letter. As he pours them drinks to seal the bargain, Felicia asks whether he would mind if she slipped into something more comfortable. Bellflower eagerly agrees, but then he finds himself facing the Black Cat in costume. Pointing a pistol at him, she tells him she wants all four artifacts for herself. When Peter arrives at the gate of the Bellflower estate, the guard turns him away, but Peter's spider-sense tingles and he deduces that the Black Cat is already inside. As Spider-Man leaps the fence, the guards send a pair of dogs after him. The guards open fire, but Spider-Man web-swings out of reach onto the roof of Bellflower's mansion. Surprised to find a swimming pool on the roof, Spider-Man enters Bellflower's private elevator and he finds the Black Cat just as she is packing up her treasures. She vaults up to a chandelier and swings directly into Spider-Man with both feet. As they battle, the chandelier suddenly snaps and falls. Fortunately, Spider-Man leaps out of the way, but by the time he recovers, the Black Cat has escaped through the window. Bellflower is annoyed that his chandelier is destroyed and threatens to sue. Spider-Man departs with a promise to Bellflower to recover the artifacts.Tracking a spider-tracer that he planted on the Black Cat during their fight, Spider-Man follows her to her studio apartment. Through the skylight, he sees her admiring her booty. He crashes through the skylight and tells her that he has come to retrieve the stolen items. But surprisingly, the Cat says she will not stop him, because she stole them for him. Then she shows Spider-Man around her apartment, which is decorated with photographs and posters of him. She explains that when she returned after their first battle, after her father's death, her mother made her promise to obtain professional help to stop living a life of crime. She decided that there could be no better professional help than Spider-Man, on whom she already had a crush. She stole the artifacts to symbolize what he means to her, she continues. As the Black Cat embraces Spider-Man, he reflects that her father's death must have shattered her emotional balance. She really needs psychiatric help, he thinks. Then Spider-Man asks her to do something for him: he says he knows some doctors, and he would like her to talk with them. He will see, he continues, that she gets all the help she needs.Jonas Harrow has been experimenting on the amnesiac J. Jonah Jameson and learned that his new invention an experimental ray-generator that causes those exposed to it to experience different emotions is a complete success after months of beaming it on Jonah from across the street of the Daily Bugle building. He has also been using it on Joe Robertson since he took over as editor of the Bugle. When Harrow's monitoring device shows him that Robertson and Marla Madison are meeting to see if either has heard from Jonah, he uses the device to make them begin a violent argument. When Peter Parker happens by the Daily Bugle for a visit, he tries to intervene and he too is affected by the device.Fighting its effects, Peter finds that everyone in the Daily Bugle has begun fighting each other, and maintains control enough to pull the fire alarm making everyone instinctively flee the scene. Locating the source of the sudden mood shift with his spider-sense, Peter leaves the office, changes Spider-Man and crosses the street. There it takes all his willpower to fight off the fear beams being cast from the device to reveal its hiding place in a water-tower and destroy it.Amused, Harrow reveals himself to Spider-Man and dares the wall-crawler to come and attack him at his secret hideout. There, Spider-Man is attacked by Harrow who has a new version of the device. Spidey's appearance prompts J. Jonah Jameson to regain his memory and try to escape. While Spider-Man discovers the ray projectors multiple breaker power source, he begins smashing them as Jameson tries to find his own way to stop the device. When Spider-Man trashes the last breaker, Jonah is simultaneously pulling a useless power cord, which leaves Jameson to believe that he himself beat Harrow and not Spider-Man.Desperate to defeat Spider-Man, Harrow approaches the wall-crawler with a loaded gun but is easily knocked out by Spider-Man. Harrow does manage to squeeze off a shot however, it goes wild, almost hitting Jonah in the process. As usual, the curmudgeonly editor believes that Spider-Man made the bullet fly his way on purpose. Finding that Jonah is alive and back to relative normality, Spider-Man leaves the scene feeling oddly glad that his worst enemy is back to normal.Former mutant terrorist Mesmero has decided to go straight, using his hypnosis powers to put on a Broadway show, however, is heavily panned by theater critics all over the city. During one show, Peter Parker has brought Debra Whitman as a date and the two find that it's not that spectacular a show. When Peter notes that one of Mesmero's combustible juggling balls has set the stage curtain on fire, he manages to slip away from Debra to change into Spider-Man and put out the fire with his webbing. When Mesmero notices, he announces to the audience that he is aware that Spider-Man is in the crowd and announces that he has a business proposition for the wall-crawler after the show. Peter, needing the money, blows off the rest of his date with Debra to change into Spider-Man and meet with Mesmero.Mesmero offers Spider-Man the chance to make appearances during his show and agrees to pay Spider-Man $400 a week for his appearances. Spider-Man decides that he and Mesmero don't exactly see eye-to-eye and tells the mutant hypnotist that he will have to think about it and will see him at six the next evening. On his way home, Spidey grabs a copy of the Daily Globe and finds that the theater critic has totally panned Mesmero's show. Also reading the bad reviews, Mesmero becomes furious that his attempt to go straight is being lauded as nothing more than chicanery and vows to get revenge against the theater critics.The next afternoon when Peter visits the Daily Globe, he is almost bowled over by the theater critic as he charges out of the office. Peter deduces that the man must be under Mesmero's control and goes after him as Spider-Man. As Peter swings across the city, at the Daily Bugle, the latest editorial meeting is briefly interrupted by the return of J. Jonah Jameson who is back for the first day and has picked up the steam as though he had never left, barking orders at his reporters to get good stories.Spider-Man finally catches up with the theater critic, who has bound himself up with chains and is about to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge. Spider-Man, remembering the Gwen Stacy tragedy saves the critics life. The critic snaps out of his trance and thanks, Spider-Man by giving the wall-crawler two tickets to see "A Chorus Line" on Broadway. Returning home, Peter quickly makes a date with Debra, asking her to meet him at the theater and to meet him there at 7:00. Changing back to Spider-Man, the wall-crawler intends to keep his 6:00 meeting with Mesmero, only this time planning on busting him for the earlier incident. When Mesmero, wise to Spider-Man rescue of the critic, meets with Spider-Man he offers Spidey and advances. Taking the money, Spider-Man finds that it's rigged with an electrical line and is shocked into a blackout.As Debora gives up on Peter showing up, figuring she's been ditched, Spider-Man revives and finds himself being forced to juggle explosive balls while various theater critics from different news outlets are being forced to watch and heckle the wall-crawler. Spider-Man, however, tosses the balls high in the air making them detonate upon impact with the ceiling, then easily defeats Mesmero. When the audience snaps out of their trance and realizes that Spider-Man saved him they give the wall-crawler a standing ovation.Running late for a meeting at the Daily Globe, Spider-Man decides to stop to unblock a traffic jam on the bridge caused by a fender bender. Spider-Man moves the wrecked cars, however, he gets grief for his trouble because an accident report has not been filed yet, and so the wall-crawler flees the scene.Meanwhile, at a privately owned atomic research plant, the diminutive scientist Dr. Hubert Fusser is about to activate a device that would unlock the secrets of the universe. This experiment is protested by his brother, Pinky who is a lowly janitor working at the lab, and his warnings not to toy with creations are ignored by Hubert who is conducting his work in the name of science. However, something goes wrong with the experiment and Herbert is bombarded with radiation. When Pinky goes after his unconscious brother, he too is struck with the rays and blacks out. When the two come into physical contact they begin to fuse together.While at the Globe, Peter Parker arrives late for his meeting and is introduced to Rupert Dockerty, who has come from L.A. to become the Globe's new Circulation Manager, and new chief photographer Lance Bannon. Afterwards, Peter joins his Aunt May in visiting Anna Watson who is in the hospital. He excuses himself when his spider-sense goes off and changes into Spider-Man. Exploring the hospital, Spider-Man finds the energy creature that is the fusion of Hubert and Pinky Fusser. Calling itself Fusion, the creature can absorb the energies of anything around it. The Hubert half of Fusion's personality is fascinated with the phenomenon and wishes to learn more, while the Pinky half protests this abuse of science.Spider-Man attacks them and their fight takes them into the street where Fusion tries to flee into the subway. There Pinky forces himself to split from his brother restoring them back to normal. However, the further they get from each other the weaker they get. The weakened Hubert then falls into the path of an oncoming subway train, prompting Pinky to re-merge with Hubert in order to save his brother's life. Meanwhile, Spider-Man returns to the hospital and changes back into Peter Parker, says his goodbyes to Aunt May and Anna Watson before rushing off to face Fusion once more.Spider-Man tracks Fusion to the George Washington Bridge, where Fusion is making a bee-line to a nearby power plant. Spider-Man battles Fusion once more, but finds his energy absorption powers too much for a conventional attack. Trying to knock Fusion into the water proves equally as hopeless as Fusion is able to walk on water. Following the being to the Jersey shore, Spider-Man realizes that the two have a split personality, and appeals to Pinky's half of it's being. Pinky tells of their one weakness, and Spider-Man assists in helping Pinky once more separate from his brother, knocking both of the Fusser's out in the process.In the hall of trophies in his Caribbean retreat, Kraven the Hunter displays his expertise by throwing a spear unerringly into the heart of a statue of Spider-Man. Kraven's lover, Calypso, is only moderately impressed, and she comments that she first came to care for him when he hunted the real Spider-Man. Now, she continues, Kraven is not as young as he once was. Kraven replies that he abandoned his pursuit of Spider-Man because it became an obsession with him that caused him to behave dishonorably. Calypso then asks whether the memory of Kraven's humiliation at Spider-Man's hands in their last confrontation does not rankle. Kraven replies that it does, but what rankles more is the knowledge that he used an innocent named Tigra in the battle, and Spider-Man still won. Then Kraven terminates the conversation, saying that they must prepare for their journey to New York to deliver a shipment of animals. Peter Parker and Debra Whitman are walking in Manhattan's Soho district. Debra is worried about her uncle, who owns a small shipping line and has been threatened by thugs. Perhaps, she wonders, Peter could do something with his newspaper contacts? When Peter replies that he has no time, what with picture-taking for the Daily Globe and, studying and teaching, Debra walks away disappointed. After some thought, Peter changes his mind, puts on his Spider-Man costume, and heads for the docks to find Debra's uncle. On the waterfront, he spots a freighter unloading a shipment of animals that are evidently destined for the new Staten Island Zoo. Both Kraven and Calypso see Spider-Man web-swinging overhead. Kraven, in disguise, at first wonders whether Spider-Man is leaving to notify the authorities, but he eventually decides that Spider-Man's being there is a coincidence. Meanwhile, Calypso steals away, unlocks a cage door, and frees Kraven's animals. She hopes in this way to return Kraven to "his natural greatness." Within a minute there is a stampede, and Kraven quickly throws off his outer garments and starts to recapture the animals. Spider-Man sees a large eagle escape, and as he pursues it, it passes through a rooftop photography session, causing a startled model to plummet toward the street. In a show of agility, Spider-Man catches the model and webs up the eagle at the same time. After Kraven rounds up the rest of the animals, he and Calypso retreat to his New York apartment, where she tries to persuade him that Spider-Man was responsible for opening the cages. When Kraven says he finds that hard to believe, she accuses him of cowardice and goads him into once more trying to defeat Spider-Man. Meanwhile, Peter arrives ten minutes late at Barney Bushkin's office, where he meets Bushkin, Rupert Dockery, and Sandy Jones. Dockery asks Peter to try to obtain photos of affairs between Empire State University professors and their female students, but Peter replies that such affairs do not exist. Dockery hints that Peter might be able to find some. "Or fabricate some?" asks Peter, and Dockery craftily says that Peter "understands." In Los Angeles, when Spider-Woman reads a newspaper account of Dockery's being hired by the Globe to boost the paper's circulation, she regrets that she and Captain Walsh lacked the evidence to put Dockery in jail. Just as Peter declines Dockery's assignment, Kraven arrives at the office with a challenge. He tells Bushkin that he wants to fight Spider-Man to the death and demands that the announcement is placed on the Globe's front page. He has, he continues, a spider-tracer with which Spider-Man will be able to find him. At the appointed time, midnight, Spider-Man arrives in front of the American Museum of National History. Kraven wants no spectators, so he has chosen a site where they are not likely to be interrupted by police or newspeople. When Spider-Man enters the building, he finds the security guards unconscious. Soon Kraven appears, demanding to know why Spider-Man released his animals that afternoon. Spider-Man replies that he does not know what Kraven is talking about and that Kraven's braggadocio is making him sick. Kraven leaps down from the mezzanine, and Calypso eagerly watches from the shadows as the battle begins. Kraven breaks open a display case full of spears and throws them at Spider-Man, who easily dodges them. But the spears are meant to force Spider-Man into a trap, and suddenly a net falls over him. Before Spider-Man can free himself, Kraven applies his deadly nerve-grip. Immobilized, Spider-Man cannot prevent Kraven from punching him in the stomach and knocking him nearly unconscious to the floor. Boasting of his impending victory, Kraven breaks off the spiked tall of a stegosaurus skeleton and tries to impale Spider-Man, but Spider-Man manages to trip Kraven with his webbing. Still wobbly, Spider-Man grapples the bewildered Kraven, and as they tumble down a staircase, Spider-Man feels his strength return. Then Spider-Man slams Kraven in the stomach, hurling the criminal through the museum's front door into the arms of the police, who were alerted by one of the guards. The police take both Kraven and Calypso into custody.Rupert Dockery is talking to five masked hoodlums in the basement storage room of the Daily Globe. Their instructions are clear: they are to kidnap the "good-looking woman" and if necessary kill anyone who gets in their way. The elevators will be closed and the switchboard inoperative, continues Dockery, so they should have no trouble. Meanwhile, Peter Parker and Debra Whitman are strolling through New York City's China-town. Peter is surprised to learn that Debra is seeing a clairvoyant. Then Debra shows Peter the business card of the psychic, Madame Web. Peter remarks that Madame Web looks like a fraud to him. Just then, Peter sees a clock and realizes that he must attend a meeting at the Daily Globe in five minutes, so he has to abandon Debra on the sidewalk. He arrives 15 minutes late, but when he tries to enter the elevator the guard tells him that no one is allowed in the editorial department before five o'clock. Peter finds this peculiar, and he goes to a storage room to change into his Spider-Man costume. Then he climbs up the building to the 14th floor. In the Globe's conference room, Rupert Dockery introduces the newspaper's publisher to Barney Bushkin, April Maye, and Mike Mullaney. This is the first time they have met K. J. Clayton, who to their surprise turns out to be a stunning blonde. She apologizes for having been so secretive, explaining that she has come forward now to turn control of the newspaper over to Rupert Dockery. Suddenly Dockery's five hoodlums break through the conference-room door. Holding the newsmen at gunpoint, they grab the woman introduced as Ms. Clayton, but Spider-Man suddenly smashes into the room through the window. The hoodlums immediately open fire, but Spider-Man dodges their bullets and knocks four of them out. Unfortunately, the remaining hoodlum escapes with the woman. As Spider-Man starts out in pursuit, Dockery blocks his way, and the delay is Just long enough for the criminal to escape down the elevator. Disappointed at his failure to stop the kidnapping, Spider-Man sees a scrap of paper on the floor, apparently dropped by the criminal or the victim. The paper has Madame Web's picture on it, and Spider-Man web-swings across town to Madame Web's apartment. He enters through an open window and finds the psychic at the center of a large, spider-web-like contrivance. When Spider-Man inquires about the structure, she explains that it is a life-support system designed by her late husband, without which she would be dead in a minute. She explains that she has certain "gifts," and although she is blind, she can see things beyond normal sight; she is a clairvoyant. Further, she continues, she is able to nurture this power in others who are born with the ability. When Spider-Man asks how reliable her powers are, she says she can guarantee nothing. Spider-Man then hands her the slip of paper with her picture on it and asks whether she can tell him anything about it.0 The aura from the picture, explains Madame Web, is that of her newest student, Belinda Bell, a model, and actress. Belinda handled the paper in a moment of great peril while cooperating with a second woman, Katrinka Janice Clayton. Belinda realizes that she has done wrong, continues Madame Web, and now she is afraid. Although Madame Web cannot tell where Belinda is, Spider-Man presses her, and she has a vision of railroad cars piled up as if there were an accident. She then urges Spider-Man to hurry, because unless he can locate Belinda, both she and K. J. Clayton will die. In the basement of the Hickory Dockery Toy Store in lower Manhattan, Belinda Bell is tied to a pillar, the captive of four of Dockery's hoodlums. An electric train set is assembled in the middle of the room. (it is this toy train that Madame Web saw in her vision.) The thugs explain that their orders are to hold her until they hear from their boss; he might let her go, and he might not. Dockery himself is four miles uptown at the penthouse suite of the Daily Globe with the real K. J. Clayton. She is bewildered because she trusted him and now he wants to kill her. Dockery explains that by disposing of her he will gain complete control of the newspaper. Because she felt old and unattractive, K. J. Clayton operated the Daily Globe as a recluse, never allowing herself to be seen. She went along with Dockery's plan to hire Belinda Bell to appear in her place at the staff meeting, never suspecting what Dockery's real objective was. There is no one to hear her cry for help, says Dockery, and after making a telephone call, he shall attend to her personally. Then he telephones the toy store and tells his hoodlums to dispose of Belinda Bell. Fortunately, Spider-Man arrives at the store in time. Smashing through the glass roof and using the electric-train table as a giant shield, he disables the hoodlums and knocks them out by dropping two shelves of toys on them. He explains that he found the place when he realized that the trains in Madame Web's vision were toys, and on checking discovered a toy store owned by Dockery. Then he unties Belinda, who tells him that Dockery is about to do away with K. J. Clayton. Spider-Man web-swings to the Daily Globe as fast as he can, and he finds that the penthouse office has been set on fire. As smoke fills the building, Spider-Man smashes through a window and rescues Ms. Clayton. Then Spider-Man descends to the sidewalk, where he finds Dockery entering his limousine. Spider-Man turns the vehicle over, tears off a door, and pulls Dockery out. Dockery quickly confesses. Later, in his apartment, Peter Parker reads in the Times about Dockery's capture and confession. He also reads that K. J. Clayton has decided to suspend publication of the Daily Globe. This is annoying, because now Peter has no one to work for and no source of income. Then his telephone rings. Peter answers, and it is Madame Web, who congratulates him on his success and tells him that she will protect his secret identity as Spider-Man. She also tells him not to worry about money, because someone is considering hiring him. Sure enough, J. Jonah Jameson is trying to call Peter at that very moment. Irritated when he finds Peter's line busy, Jameson will keep trying to get through.Prince Namor, the Sub-Mariner, angrily tears open a U. S. Navy diving sphere beneath the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of New York City, annoyed that his realm has been invaded. But he does not want the two divers in the sphere to drown, so he hauls them out of the water, files on winged feet to the shore, and deposits them, wet but unharmed, on a dock. He will not be so merciful a second time, he thinks. The divers watch Namor depart, knowing at last who is responsible for wrecking their underwater experimental power generators, and they will report this incident to the authorities. That night, Peter Parker, who has an eight o'clock exam the next morning, finds it impossible to sleep. The neighbor in the apartment next to his is practicing country singing. The quality of his voice is appalling, and Peter bangs on the wall and tells him it is three o'clock in the morning. Fortunately, the neighbor stops, but Peter still cannot got to sleep. He rummages around and finds a fresh Spider-Man costume, and then he web-swings out of the apartment to take his mind off his problems for a while. He decides it is time to keep the promise he made to himself earlier and heads for the waterfront to look for Debra Whitman's uncle. Surprisingly, Mr. Whitman is awake, and Spider-Man finds him in his office confronting three burly sailors. Whitman is explaining to them that every precaution has been taken and that his ship must leave on schedule with them as its crew. He will bring in the police if necessary, he continues. This enrages the sailors, and they begin to beat up the old man. Then Spider-Man smashes in through the window and breaks up the fight. Unfortunately, a barrel breaks over him and drenches his costume in brine, giving the sailors an opportunity to escape. Whitman tells Spider-Man that he has a contract with the government to deliver a scientist and an experimental power generator to a certain ocean site. The crew are refusing to report for duty because of some trouble they had. Whitman does not explain what the trouble was, but he asks Spider-Man for help. Spider-Man declines, saying that the ocean is not his domain.At the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean, Namor addresses his subjects. He tells them that the surface people are once again performing experiments that will endanger their civilization, this time by creating vast disturbances in the ocean currents. "Is this not a cause for war?" he asks the milling throng. Namor's people roar their assent. The following noon, Peter meets Debra Whitman on the Empire State University campus. The salt water that soaked Peter's costume would not wash out, and his skin is so irritated that he is constantly scratching. Debra again expresses her concern over her uncle. She says that if her uncle cannot find anyone to captain his ship, he will do so himself, because the contract must be fulfilled. But he is old and has a bad heart, she continues, and she is afraid something might happen to him. Peter is reluctant to get involved, and after Debra departs, he goes to visit his aunt at the Restwell Nursing Home. He thinks she might be able to cheer him up. An hour later, Peter is watching Aunt May explain how to play shuffleboard to the other patients. She is in charge of the home's recreation hour, because she happens to be the person best qualified. Unless she does all that she is capable of doing, she explains, she is not being true to herself or others. Aunt May's wisdom changes Peter's mind about helping Mr. Whitman. Soon Spider-Man web-swings away from the nursing home, arriving several minutes later at Whitman's freighter. The crew are standing on the dock demanding that Whitman pay them a bonus because of the danger involved in the voyage. Whitman tells them that he has no extra money. As the crew threaten to leave, Spider-Man lands on the dock and tells them that he and Whitman can run the ship alone. He will not require a salary at all, he continues, as he begins to carry some crates onto the ship. Seeing that they are about to lose their lob opportunity, the crew decide to ship out with Spider-Man and Whitman, and they will see whether Spider-Man lives up to his claim. Within the hour, the freighter steams out of the harbor. Whitman tells Spider-Man that their trouble comes from the Sub-Mariner, who tore apart the diving sphere with Whitman's two men inside. Whitman did not inform the government, because he was afraid his contract would be cancelled and he would be broke, but now that he has thought about it, he realizes that the government could have supplied him with some needed protection. Suddenly an alarm sounds, and the Sub-Mariner files overhead. Namor does not need his navies to battle a single freighter, he says as he tears a mast off the ship. Spider-Man snags Namor with his webbing, and their battle begins. Namor finds himself unable to break the webbing, but he manages to knock Spider-Man into the ship's funnel, and then he breaks the ship's antenna so that the Coast Guard cannot be summoned. When Namor looks into the funnel to see what happened to Spider-Man, Spider-Man springs out and slams Namor with his fist. Then Spider-Man goads Namor into attacking him, but as Namor lunges at him, Spider-Man moves aside and Namor slams into the funnel, stunning himself. Namor is weakened from being out of the water and from exposure to the ship's hot smoke. When Spider-Man webs up Namor's winged feet, the Sub-Mariner plummets to the ship's deck, nearly knocking himself unconscious. Spider-Man and the crew crowd around the undersea monarch and Spider-Man offers to call a doctor, but Namor will not stand for this humiliation. Namor again grapples with Spider-Man, telling him that Atlantis cannot tolerate having the surface-dwellers' power generators placed where they disrupt the current that operates Atlantis's generators. Seeing that there has been a misunderstanding, Spider-Man asks what might be done. Namor replies that moving the generators two degrees south, where they will benefit from the natural flow of Earth's magnetic field, will make them operate more efficiently and will keep them from interfering with Atlantis's machines. Dr. Kirchner, the scientist aboard the ship, says that the problem requires study, but Namor's suggestion appears plausible. With the disagreement resolved, Namor leaves the ship and dives back into the ocean.Aboard the S. S. Bulldog off the coast of New York City, the crew are lowering the special power generator into the ocean as Mr. Whitman, Dr. Kirchner, and Spider-Man look on. Spider-Man's brine-soaked costume continues to irritate his skin, and the heat further aggravates his condition. As the heavy generator enters the water, one of its live electrical cables snaps and begins to slither around on deck. As Spider-Man rushes to deal with the problem, he shoves aside some crates and inadvertently knocks a crew member named Morrie Bench, who is off duty playing cards, into the ocean near the generator. Unknown to anyone aboard ship, the energy conversion reaction within the generator combines with the gases in the water to form a new kind of energy that suffuses the unconscious sailor. Spider-Man manages to cover the live cable with insulating webbing, as Whitman orders the crew to haul the generator out of the water, Bench's poker partner, who was also knocked out, comes to and tells the crew of the mishap.Spider-Man quickly dives into the water to rescue Bench, although Bench has already been under water for four or five minutes. Spider-Man finds him about to be sucked into the ship's propeller. Before Spider-Man can act, Bench indeed passes through the propeller, but miraculously he emerges unscathed. Spider-Man hauls Bench up the side of the ship, and Bench is taken to sickbay. Then Whitman orders the ship back to port. When Whitman asks Bench, below decks, how he is feeling, Bench replies that he feels queasy. After Whitman leaves, Bench discovers that no matter how much he wipes himself with a towel, he cannot seem to get dry. This makes him angry, and when the ship docks, Bench goes ashore to look for a way to vent his frustration. At the same time, Spider-Man web-swings away into the evening twilight, arriving a few minutes later at his apartment. His singing neighbor is bawling a mournful tune, but before Peter can do anything about it, the telephone rings. It is J. Jonah Jameson, and he wants Peter Parker to shoot some human interest photographs on a freelance basis for the Daily Bugle. Glad to have a job once more, Peter accepts, and then he calls Debra Whitman, who agrees to Join Peter on his photography assignment.As Morrie Bench sits morosely in Duffy's Pub, a dive in one of Manhattan's disreputable neighborhoods, a woman named Sadie, one of Bench's acquaintances, sidles up for some conversation. The air conditioning in the bar is off, and the city's heat wave is particularly intolerable there. Bench appears to be sweating profusely, and, annoyed, he tells Sadie to let him sweat in peace. Sadie replies that he is gushing, not sweating, and she leaves the bar disgusted. Suddenly Bench melts into a pool of water and flows out the door. Just as suddenly, on the sidewalk outside, the water purposefully rearranges itself back into Bench. When he realizes that he has become a freak, he becomes furious and decides that he will make everybody pay. As he dribbles down a sewer, he resolves to take his revenge on Spider-Man first, since Spider-Man will be the most difficult to deal with. A few minutes later, Sadie returns to the pub to forgive Bench and get him to buy her a steak and a couple of drinks, but she finds him gone. Indignant, thinking that Bench has left with another woman, Sadie exclaims that Bench is "nothing but a drip." In the days that follow, Bench searches for Spider-Man. He emerges first in the bathtub of Hy Egan, a police officer who once busted him for smuggling. When Egan fails to tell him where Spider-Man is, Bench drenches him with water.In his quest, Bench travels through the sewers, pipes, and drains of New York, emerging from garden hoses, washing machines, water buckets, and shower heads. As Peter Parker is introducing Debra Whitman to J. Jonah Jameson at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson suddenly rushes in with a story about an insane person who has been sighted on the Upper West Side. The media are calling him Hydro-Man, and he is said to be searching for Spider-Man. Jameson immediately sends Peter and Debra out for photographs. But Peter tells Debra that this may be a dangerous assignment and parts company with her, much to her disappointment. Soon Spider-Man is web-swinging across the city toward where Hydro-Man was last seen. Meanwhile, in the tall midtown Manhattan office building toward which Spider-Man is headed, Hydro-Man emerges from the bathroom faucet of millionaire Easton Kibosh. Spider-Man arrives and begins checking the plumbing, and after a while, as he climbs the exterior of the building, his spider-sense starts to tingle. When Spider-Man enters Kibosh's office, Hydro-Man quickly flushes Spider-Man back through the window with a powerful jet of water. Spider-Man plummets toward the street, but he manages to snag a flagpole with his webbing and saves himself. By the time Spider-Man returns to the office, Hydro-Man has disappeared down the drain. Soon Peter arrives at Jameson's office with photographs of Spider-Man battling Hydro-Man, and a message from Spider-Man to be printed in the next edition of the Bugle. Spider-Man challenges Hydro-Man to a showdown at high noon tomorrow.Jameson agrees to publish it, because it will make a good story and because it may also get Spider-Man out of his hair permanently. The next morning, Morrie Bench reads the challenge, and, thinking to make a name for himself by defeating Spider-Man, he arrives at the appointed time on the roof of the Katen Building. It is a hot day, and the heat wave that has plagued the city for the past several days continues. Spider-Man appears atop a cooling tower and asks Bench for an explanation. When Bench declines, Spider-Man, thinking to end the battle quickly, leaps at Bench. However, Spider-Man passes right through the watery criminal. Bench says that he has figured out some tricks while in the sewers. For example, he continues, he can shoot water at bullet speed, and he demonstrates this by firing water bullets at Spider-Man. As they battle, whenever Spider-Man tries to punch Hydro-Man, his fist not only does no harm, but the lack of resistance throws Spider-Man off balance. Realizing he is getting nowhere, Spider-Man changes his tactics and starts insulting Hydro-Man to try to anger him. Hydro-Man responds by chasing Spider-Man across the city's rooftops. Enraged by Spider-Man's insults, Hydro-Man cannot think clearly, and Spider-Man tangles him up in a clothesline full of laundry and then throws a heap of old newspapers at him. The clothing and the papers absorb some of Hydro-Man's moisture, and the loss of mass, together with the hot sun, takes its toll on Morrie Bench. Spider-Man's superhumanly strong punch splatters Hydro-Man all over the hot roof. Too weak to reassemble his molecules, Hydro-Man evaporates in a cloud of steam. By four o'clock that afternoon, a cool breeze and a soothing rain end the heat wave, to the relief of millions of New Yorkers.A thunderstorm blows into New York City from the Atlantic Ocean as a shadowy figure rises from the East River and comes ashore at Ryker's island. Pulling an unusual weapon from beneath a cloak, the figure presses the trigger and a beam is emitted that blows a gaping hole in the masonry of Ryker's island Prison. As prearranged, the Wizard steps out of the hole into the water, greeting the one who has freed him, and they swim away. Security guards give chase in boats, but the Wizard's liberator raises a hand, and an enormous sea monster surfaces to crush the boats in its tentacles. The guards barely escape with their lives. The Wizard is impressed, and the two companions in crime swim toward the city to begin hunting Spider-Man.The next morning, Saturday, Peter Parker fills his bathtub with detergent water and a special formula he developed to get the itchy brine out of his spider-suit. While the costume is soaking, Peter will spend the day with Debra Whitman. All of a sudden, Peter's next door neighbor starts to sing one of his awful songs, and Peter has to get dressed in the closet to protect his ears. As Peter turns the corner of his corridor, he meets another of his new neighbors, a stunningly gorgeous brunette, as she opens the door to her apartment. When she says hello, Peter nearly forgets his date with Debra. Peter soon arrives at Debra's, and they spend the day sight-seeing. Debra is quite happy to be with Peter, and as they leave the Statue of Liberty at the end of the day, she kisses him. But when she invites him to her apartment, he declines. He wants to remain Debra's friend, but he does not want their relationship to become more intimate, and by 11:00 p.m., Peter is home. When he checks on his costume, he finds to his annoyance that the chemical solution has faded the colors. Then he hears a radio bulletin describing a giant mechanical spider that is climbing the south tower of the World Trade Center. Donning his faded and still wet costume, he web-swings to investigate. On the way, he muses about his appalling lack of organization. Soon Spider-Man arrives and sees the giant spider perched on the building. Unknown to him, the spider is being controlled by the Wizard and his shadowy companion. Either the explosives planted on the spider will destroy Spider-Man, says the Wizard, or his special device will get a reading on Spider-Man's spider-sense that will enable them to track him down.When Spider-Man attacks, the spider begins firing lasers at him. Spider-Man's spider-sense is tingling fiercely, and he realizes that the spider is not the only danger he is facing. He web-swings into the device, knocking it off the wall into the plaza below, where it explodes harmlessly. Unable to find out who was behind the incident, Spider-Men web-swings away. Out of sight on a rooftop nearby, the Wizard ominously tells his companion that he now has a reading on the waves emitted by Spider-Man's spider-sense. Meanwhile, a derelict called Wino Charlie climbs to a roof in Manhattan's Chelsea district in search of a peaceful place for a drink. As he settles in, the Wizard and his companion descend to the roof of the adjacent building, which happens to be Peter Parker's apartment house. The Wizard's devices have given unmistakable indication that Spider-Man is nearby. This pleases the Wizard's companion, who has grown impatient with the Wizard's vendetta. Indeed, Peter happens to be walking up to the door of the building, angry that the university is charging him a $100 lab fee, money that he does not have. He passes the foyer, where he sees two of his new neighbors. One of them is wearing a cowboy outfit, and Peter thinks he is the person whose singing keeps him awake at night. The other is a short bearded man. As Peter is sewing himself a new costume, the telephone rings. It is Debra Whitman, calling to say she enjoyed their date, but their conversation is soon interrupted by a knock on Peter's door. When he answers it, he sees the gorgeous neighbor he saw earlier. She invites him to the roof for a tenants' meeting about an impending rent strike. Peter enthusiastically agrees to go, but as he dresses, the telephone rings again. This time it is J. Jonah Jameson, offering Peter a $100 bonus if he can get photographs of a subway excavation collapse in midtown Manhattan before the next edition goes to press. So Peter dons his new Spider-Man costume and web-swings away, hoping to get the photos and still be on time for the meeting. Peter arrives at the subway and finds four workmen trapped in the rubble. He quickly digs through, much faster than the rescuers could have, and saves the workmen before they suffocate. Then he retrieves his camera, and in ten minutes he is web-swinging back to his apartment. As Spider-Man approaches his building, his spider-sense tingles, and he sees the Wizard and his companion on the roof. They had organized the phony-tenants' meeting in order to get all the tenants onto the roof, knowing that one of them must be Spider-Man out of costume. Thus they are puzzled when Spider-Man attacks them from a different direction. Attributing the error to a flaw in the Wizard's tracking device, they fire laser beams at Spider-Man, but he dodges and they destroy a chimney instead. Gathering some of the chimney bricks into a sling made of webbing, Spider-Man flings them at his two antagonists. The pair is stunned, but the Wizard presses a stud on his sleeve, and suddenly the roof of Peter's building erupts in flame. The Wizard and his companion had planted incendiary devices there earlier that evening. Spider-Man leaps to rescue the tenants as the Wizard and his companion escaped. Then Spider-Man tears a fire escape off the building he is on and uses it as a bridge to the burning building. One by one, the tenants walk across to safety, but Wino Charlie, who has passed out from drinking too much liquor, is still on the flaming roof, oblivious to what is happening around him. Spider-Man quickly spins himself a web-shield and jumps to the burning building's roof to save the derelict. But the roof has been weakened by the fire, and when Spider-Man lands on it, he begins to fall through.Spider-Man is attacked by the Wizard at his apartment building, and is forced to evacuate the tenants when the villain lights the building on fire. Just when he finishes rescuing everyone, he spots a local homeless man named Wino Charlie sleeping off his drink on the roof. Trying to save him, Spider-Man leaps back onto the roof of the burning building, only for the roof to collapse under his feet. Luckily, both Spider-Man and Wino Charlie fall on a neighbor's waterbed, which the wall-crawler uses to keep themselves wet and escape the blaze. Surprisingly, Wino Charlie slept through this entire ordeal, so Spider-Man leaves him in an alley to sleep off his drunk. Not far away, the Wizard and his mysterious confidante are furious that Spider-Man managed to evade their trap. His associate is unimpressed and tells the Wizard that he must now help her get revenge against her enemy, as part of the conditions of breaking him out of prison.The following morning, Peter Parker checks in at the 5th Avenue Hotel where the insurance company is putting up all the tenants in his building. As he waits for the elevator, he sees a man and whom he believes he can identify as the next door neighbor who has been singing country music late at night. He assumes as such because the man looks like a country-western singer. He wishes this tenant could be as timid and unassuming as a much shorter man standing next to him. Peter is surprised at the size of his hotel room and the amount of luxury that was afforded. As he begins to relax, Peter's good spirits are ruined when he discovers the mystery singer is in the room next door to his, much to his chagrin. Suddenly, there is a knock at the door and Peter answers it. It's the beautiful woman who had just recently moved into his building. Once again, Peter finds himself completely taken by her beauty and doesn't think twice when she asks to watch a special report on the recent break out at Ryker's Island in his room. Meanwhile, at the prison, Senator Marion Stensgard is reaming out Warden Percy Rue over the number of breakouts that regularly happen at the prison. Rue tries to explain that the number of supervillains that are incarcerated here is difficult to keep locked up without the proper government funding. As he explains this, the alarms begin to sound all over the facility. They soon discover that the cell block which includes both the Sandman and the Trapster is being flooded. The pair of villains are confused, but there is nothing they can do as Sandman is being drugged to prevent him from using his powers. Before they are in over their head in water, the wall of their cell breaks open and they are swept out into the ocean. There they are recovered by the Wizard and his benefactor. As they make their escape, they are witnessed by an Atlantean scout. Recognizing who the Wizard's ally is, the scout heads back to Atlantis to warn his ruler, Prince Namor. Back on shore, the reunited members of the Frightful Four listen to the Wizard and their new ally's plan to get revenge against their enemies. At that moment, the scout reports back to the Sub-Mariner, who vows to go to the surface world and deal with this situation on his own. Back in Manhattan, Spider-Man web-slings across the city, he is puzzled by how he acts around his new neighbor. As he heads back to the hotel, he spots the Sub-Mariner crash into the room where the woman in question is staying. Namor demands to know what the woman is doing, but the woman plays dumb. Spider-Man enters the room and thinking that Namor is attacking a helpless woman attacks the Atlantean monarch. Namor fights back, but Spider-Man manages to slip outside with the woman. The web-slinger lures Namor onto an adjacent rooftop where their brawl continues. Spider-Man has the advantage due to the fact that Namor's time away from water is slowly weakening him. However, when the web-spinner demands answers, the Sub-Mariner arrogantly refuses to explain himself. Spider-Man makes a serious mistake when his next lunge sends both crashing through a water tower, restoring the Sub-Mariner's strength. As the two continue their battle, the Frightful Four and their ally -- who reveals herself to be Namor's foe Llyra -- make their presence known. While the two heroes are distracted, the Wizard blasts both of them with a specially made weapon for this occasion. As Spider-Man and Namor writhe in pain, the Frightful Four stand over them gloating over their victory and the apparent demise of their foes.Having weaponized his tracer device, the Wizard has blasted both Spider-Man and the Sub-Mariner. The two heroes writhe with pain, while the Frightful Four and their newest member Llyra gloat over their victory. The Trapster and Sandman then decide to lay a few punches on the heroes for good measure. Spider-Man and the Sub-Mariner try to fight back, but they are too disorientated to put up any real resistance. Across the street, the authorities have arrived at the hotel where the battle first started. Seeing the fight on the rooftop across the way, one of the officers calls in a patrol helicopter to provide backup. When the choppers arrive, it distracts the Frightful Four long enough for Spider-Man to shoot webbing into the faces of Sandman and the Trapster. With the authorities closing in, the Frightful Four make their escape. With the battle over, the Sub-Mariner decides to take his leave. As he flies back toward the ocean, he is disturbed by a strange buzzing sensation in his head. It gets worse as soon as he dives into the ocean. Meanwhile, Spider-Man climbs back into his hotel room and changes back into Peter Parker. When he goes to check on his new neighbor, he finds work crews repairing damage caused by the Sub-Mariner, but no sign of the mysterious and attractive woman. Still disorientated from his battle, Peter decides to seek out Debora Whitman for help. When he arrives at her apartment, he passes out in her arms, exhausted from his ordeals. Debora brings him inside and tends to his injuries, telling Peter that he can stay as long as he likes. When Peter wakes up hours later, he finds that Debora has made him breakfast and wants to make plans to see a Broadway show. However, still worried about his new neighbor, Peter rushes out on her saying he will call Debra in a few days. Peter rushes to a nearby pay phone to try and call the hotel and find out if this woman is okay when he realizes that he doesn't even know her name. He quickly calls a cab to bring him back to the hotel. Fearing she might be in trouble, Peter goes to his own room to change into Spider-Man and check on her. What Peter is unaware of, is that this woman was actually Llyra in disguise, and she and the Frightful Four are now waiting in the hotel room organizing their next move.At that moment, in Atlantis, the Sub-Mariner finally returns home and has Vashti examine him to learn the cause of the buzzing in his head. Vashti discovers an irregularity in the scans of Namor's brain but isn't sure what the problem is. Before he can, mention of Llyra's name reminds the undersea monarch of how she was responsible for the death of his beloved Lady Dorma. Put into a fresh rage, the Sub-Mariner swims off to hunt down his foe once more. Meanwhile, Spider-Man checks in on the mystery woman and falls for a trap set by the Frightful Four, and is knocked out from behind by the Sandman. When Spider-Man comes to he finds himself bound up by his foes. Having had a chance to examine the wall-crawler, the Wizard figures that his tracer weapon transferred Spider-Man's spider-sense to the Sub-Mariner. Deciding to dispose of Spider-Man, the Wizard attaches an anti-gravity disc to the hero and sends him floating up into the sky. At that very moment, the Sub-Mariner is flying toward the hotel, and his newly acquired spider-sense detects the danger that Spider-Man is in and saves him.The pair comes crashing back to the hotel where a new fight breaks out with the Frightful Four. They easily defeat the Wizard, the Trapster, and Sandman, but Llyra manages to escape in the confusion. With the danger over, Spider-Man suggests that they seek out Reed Richards of the Fantastic Four to find a way to transfer Spider-Man's spider-sense back to the hero. Travelling to the Baxter Building, Mister Fantastic examines them and finds a mean of reversing the power swap. Still unaware that the mystery woman at the hotel is really Llyra, Spider-Man goes to visit her again. This time, his spider-sense goes wild, warning him of danger. He narrowly stops the woman from stabbing him with a kitchen knife. It's then that Llyra reveals her ruse, but before she can deal with the wall-crawler, the Sub-Mariner enters the room. Namor quickly knocks out Llyra and takes her back to Atlantis to answer for her crimes. In the aftermath of the battle, Llyra's influence begins to wear off and Spider-Man feels awful for standing up Debora Whitman once again and swings off hoping that when he sees her next, she can forgive him.Following his battle with the Frightful Four, Spider-Man leaves his temporary lodging at a posh hotel to return to his newly repaired apartment. In rough shape after his last battle, Spider-Man decides to go visit Debora Whitman to have someone care for him. Changing back into his civilian guise, Peter Parker takes the subway to Whitman's home. Along the way, he wonders if he can start another relationship following the death of Gwen Stacy, and his subsequent break-up with Mary Jane Watson. He comes to the conclusion that he is ready for another relationship. As he gets off the subway, Peter passes an election poster for Barney Wicker. Soon he knocks at her apartment door. When he asks to come in, Debora tells him that it wouldn't be a good idea. That's when Debora's guest, a man named Biff Rifkin comes to the door and introduces himself. Hurt to see Debora with another man, Peter quickly excuses himself and leaves. Outside, Peter is depressed over his current love life. In too much pain to put off his injuries any longer, Peter decides to web-sling to Greenwich Hospital to have himself looked after. Meanwhile, not far away, a husband argues with his wife over her participation in a city marathon that is scheduled for that day.Later, at Greenwich Hospital, Peter Parker has his injuries tended to by a doctor. The hospital is busy with marathon runners being brought in for injuries. It's then that Peter overhears a group of men planning to assassinate someone. Hearing an off the cuff comment about their victim never running again, Peter assumes that they are going to kill one of the marathon runners. His attempts to learn the identity of the men he overheard fails. Peter decides to do something of it and gives the clairvoyant known as Madam Web a call to see if she can shed some light on this mystery. Madam Web doesn't know the specifics of this assassination plot, but tells Peter that should she learn more, she will contact him. With no other leads, Peter decides to finally head home. Upon arriving at his apartment, Peter is amazed at the repair work done by the cleanup crew but discovers his clothing reaks of smoke after the recent fire. That's when his noisy neighbor begins singing again. Peter goes to wash up, and while lost in thought he comes to the conclusion that he cannot shirk his responsibilities and must make an attempt to stop the gunmen from killing their intended victim.The next morning, Spider-Man waits atop the Verrazano Narrows Bridge to monitor the marathon for danger. No sooner has he arrived does he spot a car speeding toward the runners. He quickly webs up the tires, stopping the vehicle. Checking the driver, Spider-Man discovers that this is not a would-be assassin, but a drunk driver. As he attends to the drunk, he doesn't hear a nearby emergency phone begin to ring. Soon the marathon begins, and Spider-Man follows along in the hopes of stopping the shooter. Along the way, he saves the life of a wheelchair-bound racer who gets knocked over the bridge. Further along the way, he stops what he thinks is the shooter, but it turns out to be a man carrying a banjo. He also saves some kids who are at danger when the fire escape they are on collapses. As he is attending to the kids, he doesn't hear a nearby pay phone begin to ring. As he nears the end of the race, Spider-Man also stops a pickpocket from victimizing some of the spectators by webbing his hands. When one of the runners suffers a heart attack, Spider-Man rushes him to a nearby hospital. As he reaches the finish line, he happens upon J. Jonah Jameson, along with his Aunt May and Nathan Lubensky in the crowd. Jameson and Spider-Man trade barbs, and ultimately Spider-Man webs up the camera Jameson is using to take photos of the marathon. Finally, someone gets his attention to a ringing payphone and discovers that it is a call from Madam Web. The woman has discovered that the assassins are waiting at the finish line and are waiting for Barney Wicker to make a speech as he is their intended target. Spider-Man tracks them down to the rooftop where they are setting up their sniper rifle. Spider-Man easily dodges their bullets and incapacitates them by ripping off the top of a water tower and tossing it on them. Having foiled this assassination attempt, the marathon concludes uninterrupted.Spider-Man is exhausted after stopping an assassination attempt on congressional candidate Barney Wicker. Soon the police arrive on the scene, and as Spider-Man explains the situation, he is suddenly attacked by Hydroman, who has reformed in the nearby water tower. The villain blasts the wall-crawler with a powerful jet of water. When the authorities try to shoot him, the bullets pass through Hydroman, and he makes his escape down a drain pipe. Spider-Man also manages to slip away in the confusion. The wall-crawler recovers his clothes from the Verrazano Narrows Bridge and changes back into his street clothes. Peter decides to take in a movie and ends up crossing paths with Debora Whitman and Biff Rifkin. Pleasantries are exchanged, but Peter is not impressed with Debora's new boyfriend. To add insult to injury, Biff spoils the end of the movie Peter is about to see, much to his chagrin.Meanwhile, Duffy's Pub, the Sandman is having some drinks and bragging to Sadie Frickett about his recent clash with Spider-Man and the Sub-Mariner. As he continues to charm her, Hydroman materializes out from the sewers outside. Spotting Sandman with Sadie, Hydroman becomes furious that he is making time with his woman. At that moment, Peter returns home after giving up on the movie. On his way in, he spots the man he thinks is the neighbor with the awful singing voice. He is glad the man is leaving so he can get some rest. However, no sooner has Peter hit the pillows, he is woken by the sound of his neighbor singing his music off key. Having had enough, Peter bangs on the wall shouting for him to be quiet. The force of his blows punches a hole in the wall between apartments. When he looks between the hole between apartments he is shocked to discover that the man who has been tormenting him with his awful singing is the short unassuming man he saw around the building in the past. Apologizing for the hole, the man -- who calls himself Lonesome Pincus -- tells him that accidents happen. Peter finds this situation so absurd, he isn't sure if he wants to laugh or cry.While back at Duffy's bar, Hydroman confronts Sandman for making time with his woman. The two come to blows until Sadie gets between the two men and suggests that they team up and work together. The two bruisers tentatively agree, and as they walk down the street they commit petty robberies in an attempt to one-up each other and win over Sadie's affections. By this point, Peter Parker has gone to the Daily Bugle waiting for leads on a photo assignment. There he learns about the news about the Sandman and Hydroman teaming up together. Figuring the pair are out looking for him, Peter slips away and changes into Spider-Man and tries to find his two enemies before they can hurt someone. His first stop is Duffy's Pub, where he obtains the address for Sadie Frickett's apartment from the bartender. There, the Sandman and Hydroman are at each other's throats once more, with Sadie in the middle. As they come to blows once more, Spider-Man comes crashing in to stop them. While Spider-Man is distracted by his two foes, Sadie comes up behind the wall-crawler and breaks a vase over his head.This disorientates Spider-Man long enough for Hydroman to knock the hero outside. There, the two villains attack their foe in the middle of the street as a rainstorm rages over them. Spider-Man leads the two crooks to the docks. When both Sandman and Hydroman leap at Spider-Man, the hero ducks. When the two collide in their sand and water forms, they fall into the water below. As Spider-Man catches his breath his spider-sense begins to go off. Suddenly, a massive creature -- an amalgam of the Sandman and Hydroman -- rises out of the water and goes on a rampage.Fighting both Sandman and Hydroman on the docks, Spider-Man is in for a shock of a lifetime when the combination of the two villains in conjunction with a raging storm has merged the two into a massive "mud-thing". Quickly setting up his camera to take photos of the creature. Despite his best efforts to stop the massive shambling monster, Spider-Man's attacks are shrugged off. When the wall-crawler becomes a bother, the Mud-Thing easily swats the web-spinner aside. The force of the blow sends Spider-Man crashing into a pile of wooden crates, knocking him out on impact. With the pest swatted away, the Mud-Thing shambles off into the darkness. When Spider-Man finally comes around he recovers the camera. When he develops the pictures and shows them to J. Jonah Jameson, the publisher assumes that they are fakes and warns Parker not to waste his time again. Peter's attempts to defend himself are interrupted by the arrival of Joe Robertson who tells Jonah that there is some kind of monster rampaging in the streets.Peter rushes out of the office and changes back into Spider-Man. Suspecting the creature might go back to Sadie Fricket -- the object of affections of both men. Spider-Man's hunch proves correct as he comes upon the Mud-Thing just as it smashes through her apartment. Before Spider-Man can attack the Mud-Thing, Sadie convinces him that the creature means her no harm. As the creature carries Sadie outside, they come upon a police cordon. Sadie also convinces the officers that the Mud-Thing doesn't mean any harm. Surprisingly, the police believe her. Meanwhile, Spider-Man snaps photos of the scene, hoping they will convince Jameson that he wasn't faking his photos.A week later, Sadie is in court trying to exonerate the Mud-Thing for the combined crimes of Sandman and Hydroman. Thanks to the work of lawyer Matt Murdock, the judge rules that the Mud-Thing is a separate entity and therefore not guilty of the same crimes. On the scene is Peter Parker, snapping photos for the Daily Bugle. After the trial ends, he witnesses as Sadie is approached by Travis Rave, who offers Frickett and the Mud-Thing the chance at stardom. Peter is happy to see that this situation has a happy ending -- of sorts. A week later, Peter is on campus at Empire State University, where he is telling his classmate Steve Hopkins about his dismal romance life. They spot the center of Peter's romantic interest, Debora Whitman, and Peter tries to ask her out. She declines his offer as she already has plans to go out with Biff Rifkin, much to Peter's aggravation. Taking to web-slinging, Peter passes by a marquee advertising Sadie's new show with the Mud-Thing.When he goes to ask J. Jonah Jameson if he can go take photos of the show, Jameson is not interested in publishing stories about a monster. Peter goes anyway and is surprised to see that the Mud-Thing has grown to twice its size due to a near-constant dousing of water. When the creature spots Sadie kissing Travis Rave and goes on a rampage. While Peter slips away to change into Spider-Man, the New York Police Department arrives with a swat team. However, they are unable to cause harm to the monster, which grabs Sadie and climbs up onto a nearby building. Spider-Man arrives just as police helicopters douse the Mud-Thing with a chemical gas causing it to dry out and crumble to bits. Spider-Man then swings in and saves Sadie from a fatal fall. While the police scoop up and dispose of the Mud-Thing's remains, Frank tries to console Sadie by telling her the insurance will cover their losses. When Spider-Man points out that this entire episode was not unlike the story of King Kong, Frank accuses Spider-Man of trying to steal the Mud-Thing's film rights. Realizing that Frank was only interested in her to make money, she storms off in tears.Due to a number of breakouts at Ryker's Island, Peter Parker decides to investigate as Spider-Man in the hopes of getting photos that will force the authorities to do something about security at the notorious prison. Rowing a boat to the island, Spider-Man leaps over a fence and slips into the bush for cover. There he changes back to Peter Parker and sneaks into the prison with camera in hand, figuring that he will only get a slap on the wrist if he is caught. No sooner is Peter inside the prison that he spots the Gray Gargoyle and Jonas Harrow making an escape. They are led by a third man, who Peter can't identify because it is too dark. He starts snaps the needed photos and then tries to prevent the costumed criminals from making their escape. Using his great strength, Peter rips a bar off one of the nearby windows and throws it at the Gray Gargoyle. Unfortunately, the villain sees the projectile just in time to catch it, turning it to stone with his powers, and crushes it to dust. Realizing they have been spotted, the trio makes a run for it.The commotion alerts two guards who happen upon Peter Parker. They don't believe his story about the escaping prisoners. They confiscate his camera and lock him in a cell. One of the officers takes the camera to Warden Alexander Rue, who secretly considers destroying it and the evidence it contains as it could ruin his career. However, he has other matters to attend to and leaves the camera alone in his office. Not long after, the janitor enters to clean the office. Spotting the camera, the man decides to steal it so he can pawn it for some much-needed money to pay off some local loan sharks.The following morning Peter Parker is in court to determine his fate after breaking into the prison. Despite the best efforts of his lawyer, Matt Murdock, Peter loses the trial because the prosecution has a witness -- a prisoner Armand DuBroth -- claims that Peter was responsible for the rash of break-outs at Rykers Island. This leads the judge to order that Peter be held until trial and a bail is posted at fifty-thousand dollars. When Peter calls J. Jonah Jameson for the bail money, Jameson is furious that Peter pulled this stunt without authorization and refuses to put up the money. Locked in a cell, Peter thinks over his situation and realizes that Armande was the man who was leading the Gargoyle and Harrow out of the prison and that he can prove it. He calls for his lawyer and asks Matt Murdock to find his camera, as it was confiscated. Murdock tries, but nobody can find a trace of the camera, and so Murdock has to tell Peter the bad news. Peter realizes that he has to find his own way out, even if it means compromising his double-identity.Meanwhile, the janitor from the prison has sold Peter's camera at a local pawn shop in order to pay off his gambling debts. At that moment, Peter is surprised to discover that someone posted his bail and he is free to go. He soon learns that his Aunt May was responsible, having scraped together the money among her friends in the retirement home to get him out. Peter is grateful although he feels guilty that it was his Aunt who bailed him out. Free to clear his name, Peter worries how he will be able to track down his missing camera. Ironically, he walks right past the very pawn shop it was sold. Inside, the owner allows his son to use it take photos at a scout retreat. When Peter returns to his apartment, he runs into his neighbor Joseph Pinkus who tells him that he is performing a gig in Brooklyn. Back up in his apartment, Peter is forced to wear his bleached costume and an old pair of web-shooters in order to go out and clear his name.Back at Ryker's, DuBroth, the Grey Gargoyle, and Jonas Harrow are questioning the janitor to find out what he has done with Parker's camera. When they learn what happened to it, Armande goes to deal with the problem. At that moment, Spider-Man has recovered his costume from the bushes at Rykers and quickly changes. With no other choice, he tosses his bleached costume and older web-shooters into the water. He then spots Grey Gargoyle and Jonas Harrow making their escape and follows after them. He catches them at the pawnshop. Although he easily defeats the two villains, Harrow manages to smash the camera. By this point, the police have arrived on the scene, drawing a crowd. When Spider-Man laments over the lost film having ruined, that's when the owner of the pawn shop arrives and informs Spider-Man that the film was removed from the camera so he could develop the photos his son had taken. Spider-Man takes the film, grateful for the man who has provided the evidence he needs to clear Peter Parker's name.Moon Knight is witnessing the theft of two million dollars worth of gold from an armored car delivery. The cowled avenger leaps down and attacks the thieves, however much to everyone's surprise, the vigilante steals the gold, having it carried away in his Moon-Copter. The armed guards think that Moon Knight has gone crooked, and try to shoot him, but his chopper pulls him out of range and he easily escapes. Later, at an unassuming warehouse, Moon Knight turns over his gold. As it turns out he is competing in a competition among various gangs to be accepted into the National Syndicate Directorate. Competing between Detroit's Rat Pack and Chicago's Midnight Mob, the Moon Knight's advantages are balked at by his rivals. The leader of the National Syndicate points out that the competitors are to steal the most amount of gold by any means necessary. Despite that fact, the other mob leaders find it suspicious that Moon Knight suddenly turned criminal after the position of secretary for the syndicate became vacant.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is patrolling the city in order to learn why there has been an increase in heists in recent days. He stops at the Daily Bugle building where he changes back to Peter Parker. As he changes he frets over how busy his life has become juggling his studies, his teacher's assistant job, getting photos for the Daily Bugle, and being Spider-Man. When Peter goes down to J. Jonah Jameson's office to try and sell his latest batch of Spider-Man photos, Jameson refuses to buy them, saying that Spider-Man is old news. He tells him to get some exclusive photos of Moon Knight since he is currently making news and threatens to fire Parker if he doesn't.At that moment, Moon Knight returns to the mansion he owns under his alias of Steve Grant, leaping from his helicopter into the inground pool. He swims to through the secret tunnel that takes him into the mansion. There he finds Marlene Alraune waiting for him. Marlene and Marc have a romantic interlude. The following evening the couple are at a VIP showing of the royal treasures of Malta. Suddenly, the gala is interrupted by the Rat Pack who has come to steal the expensive items. "Steve Grant" manages to slip away and change into Moon Knight and dispatches the Rat Pack. As Moon Knight attempts to steal the treasures for himself, he is attacked by Spider-Man. The two struggle, but Moon Knight tries to make his escape, carried out of the building on a rope ladder dropped from his copter by his ally Frenchie. Spider-Man leaps up and tries to stop him. At it turns out, Moon Knight has got Spider-Man in on the ruse, although the wall-crawler is not so happy about how convincing Moon Knight's display is. Moon Knight responds by kicking his ally lose, to complete his phony getaway. Spider-Man is not happy having to team-up with another hero, but the possibility of shutting down a major crime syndicate is too important an opportunity to pass up.Meanwhile, Moon Knight has turned over a stolen gold sword stolen from the Malta exhibit. The leader of the National Syndicate is impressed but has one final task for Moon Knight to complete before he wins the position: eliminating Spider-Man. Not expecting this, Moon Knight begins to think up of a plan. He meets up with Spider-Man to talk it out, aware that he is being followed by one of the rival gang members. The gangster tries to snipe Spider-Man from a nearby rooftop, he is attacked by the real Moon Knight. As it turns out, Frenchie was posing as the hero below to lure the shooter into a trap. Later, Moon Knight arrives at the Syndicate's warehouse with the "body" of Spider-Man, placing it into a coffin to be put on display for the others. When the mobsters unmask "Spider-Man" they realize he is one of their own. That's when the real Spider-Man comes leaping in and joins Moon Knight in busting up the meeting. With the syndicate and the other gangs busted up, Moon Knight invites Spider-Man to celebrate with him. Hearing about having caviar and champaign doesn't interest Spider-Man who decides to leave. Later, as Moon Knight and Frenchy depart, the cowled hero wonders why Spider-Man turned down the offer.Running late for school, Peter Parker decided to swing in as Spider-Man to stretch his legs and get to a meeting with Dean Ulrich faster.  He got there a little too fast, and overheard an argument with Dr. Kissick that made the Doctor storm off in a huff afterward.  Peter's meeting with the Dean wasn't much better, it had become apparent that Peter's work as a teaching assistant had been less than stellar, and he promised to work harder in the future.In Dr. Kissick's lab, he runs into Ramrod, who forces him to create a potent concoction.As Peter was leaving campus, he ran into the cyborg, and they had a small tussle which ended with Spidey having to save a group of students from flying debris while Ramrod escaped.Peter headed back to his apartment, where he ran into Mister Pincus, who invited him to a singing performance.Ramrod headed back to Kissick's lab to pick up the potion he ordered and pay the Dr.  Kissick explained that the potion will drive a man into a frenzy in minutes and to death within an hour.  Ramrod was happy to be able to give this chemical to Mickey, a bar-owner in Brooklyn, and anyone else who got in his way.Parker arrives at Mickey's Bar (coincidentally), to find Bif Rifkin and Debbie Whitman already there.  The Bartender announced that someone has bought the bar a round of free beers, which flooded the bar.  Peter was about to drink his freebie when his spider-sense warned him about something in the drink, stopping him.It was then that "Lonesome Pinky" came on the stage, and after a few licks, started to get booed off.  It was then that the entire bar started to go crazy, prompting Pete to find a place to change, a phone booth...As Spidey tried to keep them from tearing the place apart, and the barkeep pleaded with Lonesome Pinky (the only other person not affected) to do anything to try to stop them as well.  The music Pinky played stopped everyone dead in their tracks, and Peter took this time to run out and get Doc Kissick to make an antidote (coincidentally the only person he felt could do so).  Arriving at Kissick's apartment, he found the Doc had already created an antidote but feared for his life if he used it.Spidey rushed to the school, and then back to Mickey's, and just as he's about to enter with five minutes before the group died, Ramrod corners him outside the bar.  Apparently, Ramrod was upset that Mickey wouldn't hire him as a country singer and decided poisoning all of Mickey's customers was the only revenge suitable.Spidey took the resulting fight to the nearby junkyard, where he used the electro-magnet there to suspend Ramrod in the air. Rushing back to the bar, he doled out free beer with the antidote which turned the people back into themselves.While on patrol, Spider-Man happens upon some thieves attempting to steal a shipment of mink coats. While Spider-Man deals with most of the thugs, one of them try to get away in the delivery truck. However, Spider-Man manages to catch up and web up the vehicle to prevent him to escape. Although he prevented the robbery, the wall-crawler is annoyed that the delivery men are just as afraid as him as they were of the thieves. Collecting his camera from a nearby rooftop, Spider-Man swings over to Times Square his spider-sense begins to go off warning him of nearby danger. Down below at a nearby camera shop something moving at superhuman speed begins robbing the establishment. This is the costumed villain known as the Speed Demon who tries to make his getaway, only to have Spider-Man come in and try to stop him. However, Speed Demon is far too quick for the wall-crawler, who has a hard time slowing up the villain. Ultimately, Spider-Man is tossed through the window of a nearby bakery. Speed Demon stops long enough to get a good laugh at the cake splattered hero before making his escape.When the news of this robbery -- one of many -- reaches the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson is furious of the news, because none of his photographers could snap a photo of the villain. That's when Peter Parker arrives with photos of the battle. Jameson finds almost all of them unusable because the photos failed to capture Speed Demon because he was moving too fast. However, there is one that Jameson finds satisfactory, a picture of Spider-Man's humiliating defeat, much to Peter's chagrin.Later at the penthouse home of the Speed Demon, the villain gloats over the newspaper reports about Spider-Man's defeats. Walking among his ill-gotten gains, the Speed Demon recounts his origins, how he was granted his powers by the Grandmaster and as the Whizzer was a member of the Squadron Sinister. However, after his last defeat, he began working on improving the formula that gave him his speed. Finally enhancing his powers, the man once known as the Whizzer reinvented himself as the Speed Demon. That afternoon, Peter Parker goes to Bloomingdale's, figuring that it would be an ideal spot for the Speed Demon to loot. Peter's hunch proves correct as the Speed Demon soon arrives to loot the place. Peter runs to a nearby change room and puts on his Spider-Man costume. This time, Spider-Man uses the close quarters to his advantage, causing the villain to stumble upon the displays, oil slicks, and finally spraying him in the face with perfume. While Speed Demon is blinded by the noxious perfume, he runs blindly into Spider-Man's webbing. Ultimately, the wall-crawler manages to get a blow in that knocks the Speed Demon into a wall long enough to be webbed up. Taking a photo of this defeat, Peter turns it over to J. Jonah Jameson, who is not interested in publishing a picture of Spider-Man's victory as his last editorial incorrectly predicted that the Speed Demon would defeat Spider-Man. Jameson crumples up the photo and throws it in the garbage.Spider-Man visits his lab in the Empire Estate University to improve his web and sees Roger Hochberg entering the library's annex to read some old books with very restricted access. But the Red Ghost and his super apes materialize in the library too and meet Roger surprisingly for both of them.The Red Ghost gives his apes the order to catch Roger and one of the apes accidentally causes a fire in the library. The fire gets Spider-Man's attention and he fights the super-apes while he tries to save Roger's life. The Red Ghost and his apes escape as Spidey rescues Roger.The day after Peter Parker talks with a journalist of the Daily Bugle, Mr. Pauncholito, about the apes and he tells Peter about the Red Ghost, an older enemy of the Fantastic Four. Thinking that Roger is too lonely and he might be his only friend, Peter catches Roger and invites him to a party that night.The party is in the Boylan Hall and Roger and Peter meet Mia Carrera there among other people. They give Roger a drink with vinegar and laugh at him, what makes Roger run away and Peter screams at them all. He runs after Roger and meets him at the library again and with the Red Ghost. They fight until the Ghost and his apes escape and people (including Mia) celebrates Roger as a partner of Spider-Man in the fight.Two FBI agents are on the hunt for the Foolkiller, a murderous vigilante who has been killing people he deems to be fools. The stakes are higher for these two agents since they recently received a letter from their target that proclaimed them fools. As they search a Bowery alleyway, the two FBI agents are caught by surprise by the Foolkiller who uses his laser to incinerate the two lawmen. With his latest victims dead, the Foolkiller then destroys the files they compiled about him to ensure that nobody can resume hunting him where they left off.Later, Peter Parker is giving a lecture to a group of freshmen and is frustrated that they don't know the answers to his questions. When the lecture ends, Peter is greeted by Greg Salinger, an English literature major who Peter had befriended and imparted an interest in science. Greg tells Peter that he was late for class again because the admissions office still can't find his scholarship paperwork. When Peter says that this has been quite a problem with students in recent days, Greg hopes they straighten things out before someone takes matters into their own hands. When Peter heads out, he finds himself exhausted due to his recent activities as Spider-Man. Despite his fatigue, Peter's spider-sense goes off alerting him to a costumed individual climbing up the side of the registrations office. Peter decides to change into Spider-Man to investigate the situation. Inside the building, Harvey McNamara is slogging through the backlog of paperwork when he is interrupted by the arrival of the Foolkiller. Before he can kill McNamara, Spider-Man leaps in to stop him. Outmatched, the Foolkiller leaps out of the nearby window and escapes, vowing to kill Spider-Man if he interferes with his crusade again.Spider-Man gives the Foolkiller chase, but the villain escapes by blasting a hole in the street to the subway below and escapes on a passing subway train. When the wall-crawler finally catches up, the Foolkiller is already long gone. Returning to his hideout within a semi-trailer, the Foolkiller rests after his flight. He then goes over his computer files, reviewing his career. He recalls how Man-Thing saved Richard Rory from Ross Everbest, the original Foolkiller and how this led to his taking on the mantle. He recalls how he learned of the Foolkiller while he and Richard Rory shared a cell in prison. Upon his escape, he recovered the original Foolkiller's equipment to wage his own crusade against the foolish. This led to a clash with Omega the Unknown, and the Defenders, both encounters leading to a defeat. In his last battle, he was taken away in an ambulance, but a road accident allowed him to escape and resume his crusade anew. Now, the Foolkiller realizes that he just needs to wait for the fools to interfere with his life and he can dispatch them more easily.The next day, Peter Parker pays a visit to the offices of the Daily Bugle. There he sells photos of his battle with the Foolkiller to Joe Robertson, as Jameson is busy dealing with the truckers union. Robertson is disappointed that Peter is selling photos of Spider-Man's failure, telling him that he is above to stooping to the same level as Jameson and his competition, Lance Bannon. After learning more about the Foolkiller from Joe, Peter leaves as Jameson arrives and reams him out for making a "social" visit with one of his employees. Peter changes back into Spider-Man and goes searching for the Foolkiller. With no sign of his foe, the wall-crawler goes to Empire State University and changes back into Peter Parker for classes. As he changes in a closet, his spider-sense goes off. Peaking outside, he spots Greg Sallinger and wonders how he could be setting off his senses. He talks to Greg and learns that he sent more letters to the admissions office. Peter remarks that the people in the mailroom are "fools", who Greg takes literally and abruptly storms off.Peter goes to the teaching assistance office where he finds Debra Whitman in an angry mood. When he asks her what's wrong, she tells him how she had a heated argument with Greg Salinger, that ended with him calling her a fool and storming off. Suddenly, Peter puts two-and-two together and realizes that Salinger is actually the Foolkiller. By this time, Greg has changed into the Foolkiller and is terrorizing the men in the ESU mailroom. He is attacked by Spider-Man before he is able to kill anyone. Outmatched, the Foolkiller attempts to flee again, but this time Spider-Man is able to follow him back to his trailer. There, the wall-crawler rips the place apart, but the Foolkiller eludes him again. He flees into an alleyway, where he is distracted by the screams of a homeless woman. As he threatens her, the Foolkiller is left open to Spider-Man getting the drop on him. Taking away the killer's laser and webbing him up, the web-slinger takes the Foolkiller where he can get the mental help he needs.At Mitchell State Hospital, Greg Salinger -- aka the Foolkiller -- is brought in following his battle with Spider-Man. Now considering himself a fool, Salinger demands that they kill him as that is the fate of all fools. Hearing this exchange is Felicia Hardy, who is also a resident of the hospital since her last encounter with Spider-Man as the Black Cat. She finds the subject interesting, which leads her nurse to ask Felicia about her encounters with the famed wall-crawler. Hardy recounts her career as the Black Cat, and how she tricked Spider-Man into thinking that she had gone insane. Now that everyone has been tricked into thinking so, Felicia drags her nurse into a room and ties her up so she can escape unnoticed. However, her escape is eventually discovered, but far too late to stop her.That evening, Spider-Man is returning home after helping the Falcon battle his foe Stoneface. Suddenly, a spotlight is shined on his face. Looking down at the street below, the wall-crawler spots its source, the vintage car owned by Captain Jean DeWolff. Swinging down to street level, Spider-Man asks the captain what he can do for her. She tells him about the Black Cat's escape and asks her to keep a lookout for her. Spider-Man swings away and thinks about his last encounter with the Black Cat. He wonders how much of her apparent insanity was a ruse, however no matter what the situation is, he is determined to bring her in.A week later, in Midtown Manhattan, the Black Cat has broken into a penthouse of a wealthy art collector. There she steals an original Ehrenreich painting and easily slips out without setting off the security system. Still, she wants him the owner to know he has been robbed, so before she scales down the side of the building she tosses a rock through one of the windows, setting off the alarm. Down on the street, she gives the operator of a horse-drawn carriage a substantial tip to ride her away from the scene of the crime. Satisfied that she hasn't gotten rusty during her time in the mental hospital, her thoughts turn to Spider-Man when she sees one of the Daily Bugle's billboards about the wall-crawler. She wonders what the web-slinger is up to this evening. At that moment, Spider-Man has returned to his apartment after a fruitless hunt for the Black Cat. Once he's home, he realizes that not only does he not have any food in his apartment, but he is in desperate need of clean laundry. Changing into the only clothes he has, Peter Parker grabs a bite to eat and goes to the local laundromat. There, while waiting for his clothes to dry, Peter strikes out trying to make small talk to an attractive woman who is also trying to do her laundry.Meanwhile, at her penthouse apartment, Felicia Hardy looks at his recent stolen painting but finds her evening lonely. Putting on a disguise, she goes down to the laundry room to do her wash. There she strikes up a conversation with another tenant who tries to invite her over for a nightcap. She declines, unable to get her mind off of Spider-Man. She wonders how she can get in touch with Spider-Man, when she spots a newspaper advertisement for a sky-writing company. The next day, her message -- asking Spider-Man to meet her at the site of their "first date" -- is written above the the New York City skylilne. Peter Parker learns about this stunt as he leaves his teaching assistant job and catches a news report on the subject. He realizes that this is a message from the Black Cat. That evening, Spider-Man goes the Emil Greco's old hideout, the first place he met the Black Cat and finds her waiting for him.She tells him that she only wants to talk, but Spider-Man is determined to bring her in. As the two struggle, the Black Cat explains how she recently stole a painting, owned by a member of the Maggia, but had a change of heart about continuing her criminal career because she wants to be with Spider-Man. The wall-crawler doesn't know what to say about this offer, and while he's distracted she manages to break free from his hold and escape. Spider-Man then finds the stolen painting that she left behind with a note telling him to meet her at Phil Bradshaw's party the following night at the Empire Ballroom. He decides to take the stolen painting to Jean DeWolff and fact checks what the Black Cat told him. DeWolff tells the wall-crawler that the costume party is a meeting of criminals.That evening, the Black Cat arrives at the party and goes looking for Spider-Man. She mistakes an actual party goer as the wall-crawler. However, she later finds the real Spider-Man, who has dressed up in another costume. The two dance until the Cat spots Bradshaw and reveals that she stole his painting. Bradshaw and his men then draw their guns. Spider-Man and the Cat try to fend off their attackers. Although the Black Cat trips him off, but they manage to wrap up all the Maggia goons just as Jean DeWolff and her officers arrive on the scene. There they find Bradshaw and his minions are tied up and a note from Spider-Man and the Black Cat. Watching from the skylight, the Black Cat suggests they celebrate their first victory together by sharing a kiss. Spider-Man is reluctant at first, but gives in when she lifts up his mask enough to miss him.Spider-Man asks Jean DeWolff to give the Black Cat a chance to go straight. Black Cat wants to do one last job (steal a golden and ruby statuette called the "Quest's End") and secure her and Spider-Man a nest egg but it is not to be. Spider-man and the Cat fight, and Spidey leaves. Spider-man goes to the ESU and Peter Parker writes down a work on the DNA he should have finished days ago. Peter feels better than ever and capable of doing anything.Later on, the Black Cat enters the mansion of Sam Galvagno and steals the "Quest's End" statuette. But Spidey is waiting for her on the balcony when she leaves the robbery scene. He forces her to give the statuette back but she lies to him and makes him push the alarms because the Black Cat wants him to be her companion in the robbery business.The alarms make Sam Galvagno and his henchmen appear and the guns explode! Spidey succeeds in escaping with the Cat, but he is injured in a leg. The Cat escapes from him too and Spider-man pursuits her until the docks. There he tries to convince her to abandon her crime life and ask the district attorney for an amnesty but she does not believe that possible and keeps running. Then Spider-man covers her with his web and she decides to drown instead of going back to jail. Spidey dives after her but does not find the Cat or her body. Later on, as the nurse cures his leg, Captain DeWolff arrives with the amnesty's papers. Too late, Spidey throws the papers to the water and mournsFor the third  time in an evening, Spider-Man finds himself drawn to an old mansion. Spider-Man gives into his curiosity and looks into one of the windows. All he sees is an elderly man sitting down to dinner. Dismissing the old man as threatening as his Aunt May, and swings away. No sooner is the wall-crawler gone, the man is suddenly swarmed with venomous spiders whose bite causes him a painful death. Not far away, Spider-Man spots some muggers attempting to rob a couple. Seeing how helpless their victims are put Spider-Man into a rage and he beats the crooks into submission. Seeing how frightened both the muggers and their victims have become, Spider-Man stops himself and walks away. He dismisses this outburst as a reaction to losing the Black Cat recently. The next morning, Peter Parker goes to the Daily Bugle where he reads a front-page story about the elderly man who was killed by spiders. He is not surprised that his boss, J. Jonah Jameson, has used this story to continue his vendetta against Spider-Man, accusing the web-slinger of being responsible. He learns the elderly victim was a wealthy man by the name of Adlai Schmidt. It's then that Jameson emerges from his office with Joe Robertson in tow. He insists that Spider-Man is responsible for the murder, believing that the wall-crawler can somehow control spiders, even though the masked vigilante has never demonstrated these powers before. Joe apologizes to Peter for Jonah's outburst and tells him that since Schmidt had no living relatives his antique furniture will be auctioned off to pay off back taxes. This rules out money as a motive for murder, but it opens up another line of thought for Peter who decides to look in at this new angle. Since Debora Whitman has an interest in antiques, Peter decides to invite her along for the auction. Meanwhile, at a seedy bar in the warehouse district, a bespectacled man is paid for the job of recovering a necklace for his client, who claims that it is for his aunt. The following week, Peter and Debora arrive at the auction. While Whitman finds the antiques amazing, Peter is lost in thought over why someone would kill Adlia Schmidt. When Debora picks up an antique quill pen, it is snapped out of her hands be a man who purchased all the French pieces and storms off. Taken back by the man's rudeness, Peter wonders who he is. One of the other auction attendees informs them that the man is Norman Junque one of the wealthiest antique dealers in Manhattan. Hearing that Junque purchased everything, Peter abruptly tells Debra that he needs to go. As he leaves, Debra questions why Peter is always running out on her, remarking that it is only pushing her to continue dating Biff Rifkin, even though she finds him obnoxious. Outside, Peter spots Norman getting into a cab, and quickly changes into Spider-Man in order to follow after him. Soon he finds himself at the Montana Apartments, one of New York's ritziest apartment buildings.Suddenly, Spider-Man begins to detect the same feeling he did on the night the Schmidt was killed. Spider-Man then goes in through a window. His entry is witnessed by the doorman who calls the police. Following the signal, Spider-Man suddenly hears a scream and rushes to its source. He finds the police have arrived on the scene and are trying to get into the apartment. Spider-Man forces himself through the officers and finds a bunch of venomous spiders have bitten an elderly woman. Seeing that the woman is clinging to life, Spider-Man leaps out of the window with the woman in arm in order to take her to a hospital, dodging police bullets on his way out. Spider-Man drops the woman off, and the arriving paramedics figure that she will just barely make it. As the wall-crawler slips away, the elderly woman mumbles about Spider-Man taking her earrings.Spider-Man had done precisely that, but only because he detected some kind of hidden circuitry inside the earrings. The hero decides to take a closer look at home and find out what is going on. Meanwhile, the man who sold the earrings happens upon the newspaper headlines and learns that this device not only attracts spiders but Spider-Man. This man decides to increase the power of this device in the hopes of taking full control of Spider-Man. Soon, Spider-Man is out trying to pick up the signal again in the hopes of bringing them back to their source. When he does, he finds himself walking into a trap set by the killer. The man has built a device that will affect Spider-Man's spider-sense causing him great pain. He explains that he was hired to kill the wealthy so his clients could collect what they wanted. The man tries to kill the wall-crawler with his gun, but Spider-Man manages to disarm him. Running out a door, he plants an explosive charge on the door to destroy his foe. Spider-Man sense the trap and sets off the bomb to trick his foe. When the killer goes to check if Spider-Man is dead, the wall-crawler easily defeats him.It's then that the police arrive on the scene, prompting Spider-Man to flee. The killer, fearful of Spider-Man attacking him again, confesses his crimes. Meanwhile, Spider-Man swings away complaining about the new rips in his costume.Madame Web sees visions that she will be attacked by a large figure which just happens to be The Juggernaut. So she contacts Spider-man to defend her by stopping the unstoppable Juggernaut.Black Tom Cassidy wants Madame Web to join him and Juggernaut in order to be able to predict X-men movements and so defeat them in future battles. In the mood for real action, Juggernaut leaves Black Tom Cassidy's yacht and crosses under the  harbor waters until Battery Park. He gets the surface there and starts his way straight to Madame Web's appartment. 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 	 
In the meantime Madame web contacts by phone with Peter Parker in his appartment and asks him for help. But since she does not know any details he leaves to the Daily Bugle. There he talks with Glory Grant and together meet a returning Betty Brant. Then Madame Web phones him and tells about Juggernaut arriving to Battery Park.Peter runs to there and tries to stop Juggernaut unsuccessfully. Right afterwards he tries to reach the Avengers or the Fantastic four but they both are not at home. Madame Web tells him Juggernaut's power is related to the Cyttorak ruby so Spìdey goes to Dr Strange's mansion, but Wong tells him his master is also out. So Spidey is alone with the police to try stopping Juggernaut. And all of them fail as Juggernaut arrives at Madame Web's apartment and takes her out of her chair. This makes her almost die and so Spidey tells Juggernaut. This decides to leave Madame Web on the floor and quits.
 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 	 Spider-man reanimates her and an ambulance brings her to the hospital. Decided not to leave Juggernaut escape after having almost killed Madame Web, Spidey goes to catch him.While attempting to stop the Juggernaut from kidnapping Madam Web, Spider-Man failed to stop the elderly clairvoyant needing hospitalization following the encounter. Because of this failure, the wall-crawler vows to stop the Juggernaut before he can escape. Following his foe is a simple enough task given the Juggernaut has smashed his way through everything in his way. Leaping to a nearby construction site, Spider-Man uses his webbing to sling shot a girder at the Juggernaut. However, his foe catches it and crushes it before it can strike. The Juggernaut then runs into the construction site and collapses the building that Spider-Man is standing on. The wall-crawler jumps to safety and attempts to strike the Juggernaut with a wrecking ball. Like with the other attacks, Juggernaut easily swats this away. The wrecking ball strikes another building slated for demolition, causing it to collapse. Spider-Man just barely manages to duck in some massive piping to avoid getting buried under tons of debris. When Spider-Man finally digs himself out, he is told by the construction workers that the Juggernaut shrugged off the building collapse and simply walked away.Meanwhile, at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson and his co-workers listen to police reports about the Juggernaut's rampage through the city. Joe tells the other reporters to stand by for re-writes as he is taking this situation to publisher J. Jonah Jameson. Elsewhere in the office, Betty Brant settles into her new job as Joe Robertson's new secretary. She is brought coffee by Glory Grant, and the two secretaries talk about the differences between working with Robertson and Jameson. Suddenly, Lance Bannon comes bursting into the office with his girlfriend, Amy Powell, in tow. She is upset with him and threatens to leave him. Lance reminds her that they are in an open relationship and tells her she can go if she wants. Amy storms off, but vows to herself that she will get even with Lance. That's when Jonah and Joe emerge from his office, spotting Lance, Jonah tells him to get to the Hudson in order to take photos of the Juggernaut. At that moment, from his yacht, Black Tom is keeping a look out for the Juggernaut. When he sees his partner approaching, he is upset to see that the Juggernaut has failed to capture Madam Web. Spider-Man has finally caught up with the Juggernaut, but discovers that his web-shooters are empty. Stopping atop a Roxxon fuel truck, he also finds that all the cartridges on his belt are empty as well. When the driver threatens Spider-Man with a tire iron, the wall-crawler easily disarms the man and twists the tire iron like a pretzel, scaring the man away. The wall-crawler then commandeers the fuel truck and sends it on a collision course with the Juggernaut. His unstoppable foe merely stands his ground and survives the massive explosion caused when the truck strikes him. The Juggernaut, furious that Spider-Man has been annoying him this entire time, extinguishes the flames surrounding him and goes after the wall-crawler.Spider-Man then jumps onto the Juggernaut's back and uses his arms to cover the eye holes in his helmet. The Juggernaut furiously pounds on the web-slinger, but he still holds on tight. Enduring the pain of the Juggernaut's blows, Spider-Man tricks him into wandering out into onto the wet concrete of a new building foundation. As Spider-Man had planned, the Juggernaut begins sinking in the concrete. Leaping to safety, Spider-Man watches as his foe goes under and hopes that this will be enough to keep him at bay. Much to his surprise, Spider-Man discovers that his camera was running the entire time, and hopes he got some good shots of his battle with the Juggernaut. Peter rushes to the Daily Bugle with the developed shots, and although the photos are grainy, Joe Robertson buys them as nobody was able to get photos of the Juggernaut's battle with Spider-Man. Peter then rushes to the hospital to check on Madam Web, and discovers that the temporary removal from her life support system caused her to lose her memory and she no longer remembers who Peter Parker is. Talking to the doctors, they tell Peter that it will be months before they learn if the damage is permanent.Meanwhile, back on the Hudson, Black Tom watches the police surround the foundation where the Juggernaut went down. He gleefully waits for his partner to burrow his way out of the concrete. After some time, the Juggernaut still hasn't freed himself, leaving Black Tom to wonder if his friend has finally been stopped for good.The Cobra has broken into a properties room at a police precinct. However, his arrival is heard by two officers who check out the source of the sound. Finding nothing, they lock up the room once more. The Cobra comes down from the roof then begins collecting evidence that was taken during the bust of a jewel theft ring. After taking a handful of the stolen loot, the villain makes his escape by contorting his body so he can slip into the drainpipe in the floor. Using the sewers, the Cobra travels back to his apartment where he gloats over his string of evidence thefts. Removing his costume, the Cobra then places his newly acquired jewels in a secret safe hidden beneath his apartment's fireplace. The Cobra remarks how he has had not had this level of success when he was partnered with Mister Hyde. Thinking of his old partner in crime gives the Cobra the shivers. He recounts how he heard that Hyde accidentally flash-froze himself during a battle against Captain America. Glad he is no longer working with the brutish Hyde, the Cobra toasts himself to living the good life.Meanwhile, at his Chelsea apartment, Peter Parker puts the finishing touches on a new Spider-Man costume. This has become a necessity because his other costume has been damaged. After the costume is finished, Peter puts it on to see how it fits. He is impressed with his workmanship, particularly adding the underarm webbing that has been absent from his costume for such a long time. However, his mind quickly turns to the pile of bills that need to be paid. Peter decides not to let this get him down and goes out web-swinging for the fun of it. Little does Spider-Man know that a shadowy figure has appeared at the site where his recent battle with the Juggernaut had ended. This mysterious character vows to get revenge and storms off into the night.At that moment, at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson is meeting with his girlfriend Marla Madison. Marla questions if they are doing the right thing, but Jonah insists that being in the newspaper business is about taking risks. They are joined by reporter Ned Leeds, and the pair recount Marla's recent job offer with the Brand Corporation and that led to her being kidnapped by the costumed villain known as Killer Shrike. Marla knows that she was needed for some nefarious plot, but due to some hypnotic effect, her memories of her capture are clouded. Marla turned down the job offer immediately after and whenever she asked about the Brand Corporation to colleagues in the scientific community, they were afraid to talk. Leeds isn't surprised, as the Brand Corporation is a subsidiary of Roxxon Oil. He tells Marla and Jonah that he has an underworld connection who has some dirt on the Brand Corporation. Marla insists accompanying Ned to meet this contact, despite protests from Jameson. Before leaving, Ned stops by to tell his wife, Betty Brant, what he is up to. After he assures her that there is no danger with this assignment he leaves. However, Ned leaves behind his notebook by accident. When Betty sees that her husband is meeting with his contact in a bad part of town she begins to worry about it.Betty calls the teacher's assistant office at Empire State University, looking for Peter Parker. The phone is answered by Debora Whitman and she tells Betty that Peter is no longer a teaching assistant, but transfers the call to one of the labs where Peter is working on an assignment. As Debbie transfers the call, she worries that this could be trouble, especially if what she suspects about Peter Parker is true. In the lab, Peter answers the phone and listens to Betty's concerns. He assures her that Ned can take care of himself and ends the call. When the experiment that Peter and Roger Hochberg is a success, Peter excuses himself so he can keep an eye on Ned to make sure he doesn't run into any danger.Meanwhile, Ned and Marla arrive at a dive bar called Maxies where they meet with his contact "Nose" Norton. After paying Norton his fee, Ned and Marla follow him outside so he can get some "fresh air" and tell them what he knows. As they make their way out the Cobra, in disguise, arrives at the bar looking for Nose himself. When Norton is pointed out to him by the bartender, the Cobra recognizes Ned as a reporter and fears that Nose is selling him out. Outside, Ned begins to become impatient with Nose and demands the information about the Brand Corporation. As this heated exchange is going on, the mysterious figure is approaching Maxies. Not far away, Spider-Man is also heading in that direction when his spider-sense begins to go off, warning him of danger. Suddenly, the Cobra leaps off the building and grapples with Nose Norton. However, before the Cobra can silence the stoolie, Spider-Man arrives to stop him. The Cobra tosses two venom bombs at Ned and Marla, but the wall-crawler catches them in mid-air and tosses them onto a rooftop where they explode harmlessly. Spider-Man then tries to trap the Cobra by webbing up the exit from the alley. When the Cobra attempts to fire poisoned darts at Nose Norton, Ned leaps in the way and takes the darts himself. As Spider-Man rushes to Ned's aid, he discovers that the reporter avoided harm because his pocket recorder saved him from the darts. By this point, the Cobra has grabbed Nose Norton and dragged him into the bar. Spider-Man quickly follows after them and the Cobra attempts to flee. Spider-Man manages to catch the Cobra with a web before he can slip away and knocks him out. With Ned and Marla safe, Spider-Man heads off to deliver the Cobra to the police. However, before he can get to them, someone throws a chunk of a building at the wall-crawler and his prisoner. Spider-Man narrowly avoids the debris and lands on a nearby roof. There he is confronted by Mr. Hyde, who demands that Spider-Man hand over the Cobra if he wants to live.While attempting to bring the Cobra to the authorities, Spider-Man is interrupted by the villain's former partner, Mister Hyde. Hyde demands that the wall-crawler turn over the Cobra or be killed as well. Refusing to do so, Spider-Man tries to get away with the Cobra, but Mister Hyde rips a heating duct off the roof they are on and tosses it at them. When that fails, Mister Hyde tries to rope them up with a live electrical wire but misses. Spider-Man fears that, due to an injured ankle, he won't be able to keep away from their attacker for very long.Meanwhile, Ned Leeds and Marla Madison are waiting at the police station for Spider-Man to arrive. Marla suspects that because Spider-Man is an outlaw, he had lied to them about bringing the Cobra to the police. Just then they are joined by the Daily Bugles photographer, Lance Bannon. As they are getting Lance up to speed they suddenly hear a loud boom from outside and rush out with the police to see what the cause is. Outside they see that the side of a building had landed on the back end of a taxi cab, narrowly avoiding the driver. They turn their attention upwards and spot Spider-Man and the Cobra trying to flee Mister Hyde, who continues to toss chunks of building at them. When the debris misses the hero and his prisoner, the people on the street scatter to avoid the falling debris.Spider-Man quickly comes up with a plan and tosses the Cobra at Mr. Hyde. Sure enough, the villain catches his former partner only to discover that his hand is now stuck in a wad of Spider-Man's webbing. Still, Mr. Hyde punches the top of a chimney, sending it flying toward the wall-crawler. Spider-Man quickly uses his webbing to whip it back at his attacker, but Hyde easily smashes it with his fist. On an adjacent rooftop, Ned Leeds and Lance Bannon watch the battle as it carries on. When Ned worries about their safety, Lance refuses to go, wanting to take photos of the battle. Meanwhile, Spider-Man tries in vain to knock out Mr. Hyde, but the villain crushes a water tower sending we web-slinger back on the defensive. The water from the smashed tower spreads to the building where Lance and Ned are, washing Bannon off the rooftop. He is saved from a fatal fall thanks to the quick actions of Spider-Man. On the ground, Lance complains about how the wall-crawler was unable to save his camera as well. In response to this indignation, Spider-Man webs Lance's mouth shut and goes back into battle.However, by this time Mr. Hyde has escaped from sight, and with five o'clock coming, Spider-Man needs to leave, hoping that the two villains can keep until he can continue his hunt for them. In a nearby alley, Mr. Hyde strongarms the Cobra into revealing the location of his penthouse, and all of his stolen loot. Meanwhile, Spider-Man has returned to Empire State University where he changes back into Peter Parker. There he begins cleaning out his teaching assistance desk after giving up the job. As he does so, he feels a sense of loss, thinking of all the good times he had in this job. On his way out, he is stopped by Marcy Kane, who tries to get Peter to come with her to the lab. However, Peter insists that he is busy and quickly slips away. Marcy returns to the lab where she, Peter Hopkins, Philip Chang, Roger Hochberg, and Debra Whitman were planning to throw a surprise party for him. When Debora hears that Peter managed to slip away, it causes her to worry as she suspects that Peter might also be Spider-Man.At that moment, Mr. Hyde has reverted to his human form of Calvin Zabo and tosses his jacket over the Cobra's costume. He then gets them past the doorman at Cobra's apartment complex. Once inside the elevator, Zabo ingests the formula that transforms him into Mr. Hyde. Once in the penthouse, Mr. Hyde takes a vial of acid out of his alter-ego's medicine bag and uses it to burn off the webbing that keeps him attached to the Cobra and then shackles his former partner. Mr. Hyde vows to get revenge against the Cobra for leaving him to rot in prison after he was defeated by Captain America. However, before he can harm the Cobra, Spider-Man comes crashing in through the window. The wall-crawler had managed to track them down thanks to a spider-tracer he planted on the Cobra when he gave him up to Hyde. This time, Spider-Man uses his quips to play on Hyde's short temper. This allows him to get a number of good blows and a shot of webbing in Hyde's face for good measure. Driven to a fury, Hyde becomes sloppy and is tossed through the walls of the penthouse and sent crashing to the street below. Going down to confront his foe again, Spider-Man is surprised when Hyde gets up after the heavy fall but is relieved when his enemy collapses to the ground again.Meanwhile, the Cobra has managed to break free from his bonds, just as the police arrive on the scene. He attempts to get away, but before he can slip out the window he is cornered by Spider-Man. With all the fight taken out of him, the Cobra returns to the cops and begs to be arrested so nobody can hurt him anymore. Spider-Man is glad, because due to his injuries he's not sure if he could handle another fight and web-slings home to go and soak his foot.J. Jonah Jameson demands to know where Nose Norton, a stool pigeon that the Bugle paid for information about the Brand Corporation, who has vanished following Spider-Man's battle with the Cobra. Reporter Ned Leeds points out that the Brand Corporation is paying some heavies to try and silence Norton. When Jameson insists that Spider-Man is involved somehow, Leeds threatens to quit if Jameson insists on letting his vendetta against the wall-crawler taint his story. Joe Robertson and Marla both agree with Ned that they should keep Spider-Man. Ned compromises with the publisher by telling him that if they find that Spider-Man is involved in the situation they will pursue that angle. At that moment, Spider-Man is web-slinging to the Daily Bugle building to see if he can get a photo assignment as Peter Parker. However, when he finishes changing into Peter Parker he discovers that an emergency crash bar has been placed on the door to the roof and he can't open it without setting off an alarm. However, he discovers a means in by way of going through the elevator shaft. Sliding down the elevator cables, Peter waits until his spider-sense gives him all clear to come out of the elevator.Peter Parker arrives just as Jameson finishes his meeting, however, everyone is rushing out so quickly he isn't able to get the assignment he's looking for. Jameson gathers around the Bugle staff and tells them that he is offering the substantial bonus for anyone who can locate Nose Norton. Needing the money, Peter rushes out to see how he can find Nose Norton before everyone else. On his way out he almost runs into Amy Powell, Lance Bannon's girlfriend. Finding Peter attractive, she learns who he is and begins conspiring on how she can use Peter Parker to get back at Lance Bannon for his lack of commitment. Later, Spider-Man goes to a seedy pool hall to start his search for Nose Norton. When he confronts some thugs playing a game, they try to make a run for it, but he webs up the crooks. He takes their leader up to the roof and dangles him off the edge of the building and demands to know where Nose Norton is hiding out. However, it turns out this thug is an undercover police officer and Spider-Man's interference ruined his investigation. Embarrassed at making such a mistake, Spider-Man lets the undercover cop go and swings away. At the very moment in Maimi, a representative from the Brand Corporation meets with the terrorist known as the Tarantula and hires him to eliminate Nose Norton. For a week the Brand Corporation scours New York City. Norton has been in hiding this whole time, but Norton gets stir crazy and goes to a bar along the docks. This leads to him getting spotted by one of the Brand Corporation's spies. They phone in Norton's location to the Tarantula. At that very moment, Ben Urich gets a call from his own informant who tells him where to find Norton. As Urich rushes to the scene, he is unaware that Spider-Man has been tailing him in the hopes that he would get a tip-off to Norton's location. Later, aboard the Staten Island Ferry, Ben Urich thinks about his success in finding Norton on his own when his thoughts are interrupted by Peter Parker. Urich grudgingly agrees to let Peter tag along with him.When they arrive at the bar, they quickly find Norton, but before they can get him away to safety, the Tarantula comes crashing in through the window and makes off with Nose Norton. Urich runs after the terrorist, telling Peter to follow in tow. However, Peter slips away to change into Spider-Man. Meanwhile, the Tarantula is demanding that Norton turn over the papers he took from Brand. Norton doesn't understand what the Tarantula is talking about. Before the villain can harm him, Spider-Man swings onto the scene. Their battle takes them to a garbage scow, where the Tarantula reveals that his boot spikes retract out of his boots. When Spider-Man webs the Tarantula's feet to the ground, he reveals that he also has blades concealed in his gloves. Meanwhile, Ben Urich tries to get Nose Norton to come with him but the frightened crook pulls a gun and tells Urich to stay away. Suddenly someone yells at the pair to freeze.By this point, Spider-Man knocks out the Tarantula when he hears gunshots. When Spider-Man goes to the source he spots both Nose Norton and Ben Urich on the ground. Checking on Ben, he discovers that Ben is okay, as he dived down when the shots were fired. The two learn that the shooters are private investigators hired by the Brand Corporation to get Nose Norton by any means necessary. However, despite their efforts to kill Nose Norton, the stoolie is still alive and in dire need of medical attention. Spider-Man goes back for the Tarantula but discovers that his foe has fled. He then quickly slips away to change back into Peter Parker. Noticing that his roll of film has been expended, Peter wonders if he got the entire ordeal on film. When Ben asks him where he was, Peter says he was taking photos and both are curious to learn just what is on the roll of film.At a Brand Corporation facility in Chicago, the Will O' the Wisp breaks into the facility. When security tries to stop him, the bullets pass harmlessly through him. Wisp tells them to evacuate the building as he doesn't wish to harm them. Once the building has been evacuated, Will O' the Wisp causes the building to explode. Meanwhile, at the offices of the Daily Bugle, Peter Parker is with Ben Urich developing the photos of the night Nose Norton was shot. Unfortunately, the only photos they got were of Spider-Man's battle with the Tarantula and no proof of the fact that the private investigators hired by the Brand Corporation shot Norton before he could threaten them. Peter then takes the photos to Joe Robertson, who buys them even though they are somewhat out of focus. It's then that Ned Leeds gets the news of the destruction of the Brand Corporation facility. The pair rush off to follow this new wrinkle in their story. When Betty Brant learns that her husband is skipping out on going to lunch with her, she confides in Peter, telling him that if she didn't work at Joe Robertson's secretary she would almost never see her husband. Peter is on his way out when he runs into Amy Powell. Seeking to get revenge on Lance Bannon for not taking their relationship serious, tells Peter that she has admired his photography for years. However, her charms are brushed off by Peter who tells her that he needs to go. Powell realizes that Peter Parker is going to prove to be a challenge.Riding the elevator to the top floor of the Bugle, Peter changes into Spider-Man. When the doors open, Spider-Man bumps into J. Jonah Jameson who is furious that the wall-crawler is in his office. Spider-Man makes a hasty exit, with Jameson yelling at him the whole way out. When Peter returns home, he wonders why he brushed off Amy Powell and suspects that he is still reeling from the apparent death of the Black Cat. As he thinks about his past relationships, he goes to his fridge for something to eat but discovers that there is hardly any food left. Suddenly, there is a knock at the door, and it is Peter's neighbor Joseph Pincus, who has a bunch of food that is about to expire. Hungrily, Peter happily accepts the free food. Meanwhile, elsewhere in the city, the Tarantula writhes in pain while thinking about his recent defeat at the hands of Spider-Man. That's when the Brand Corporation's James Melvin offers the Tarantula an opportunity to destroy Spider-Man for his interference. He also offers the terrorist the power to be Spider-Man's equal. The next morning, Spider-Man snags a discarded copy of the Daily Bugle and is surprised to discover that the Tarantula story has been pushed off the front page in favor of the explosion at the Boston Brand Corporation facility. Spider-Man finds this news interesting and recalls of his recent battle with the Brand's agent Killer Shrike and an attempt to cure Will O' the Wisp of his transformation, an attempt that seemingly led to the destruction of the Wisp. Arriving at Empire State University, Peter runs into Roger Hochberg who tells him that their latest experiment is going great. As fate would have it, Peter notices that the Brand Corporation is looking for student interns and decides to use this to try and learn more about Brand's shady dealings.Later, Peter Parker arrives at the Brand facility in Jamaica, Queens. Inside, Peter is surprised by the heightened security on the scene. While walking the halls he spots James Melvin. Recognizing him from his previous encounter, Peter tosses a spider-tracer onto him so he can track Melvin later. Slipping into a washroom, Peter climbs up into the ceiling where he changes into Spider-Man. The wall-crawler then follows his spider-tracers signal through the vents until he comes upon a massive lab with an observation theater overlooking it. There he witnesses as Melvin oversees an experiment to grant the Tarantula with spider-powers. After being injected with a spider-serum and dunked into a chemical tank. That's when Spider-Man comes crashing out of the vents to stop them. When security is called, Spider-Man webs up the door. Before he can stop the experiment, Will o' the Wisp phases into the room. He begins trashing the equipment. When Spider-Man tries to stop him, he is no match for Wisp's abilities. Wisp is only stopped when James Melvin shoots him with a magno-pulse gun. As the wall-crawler is checking to see if Wisp is okay. Suddenly, there is an explosion that frees the Tarantula who has been mutated into a spider-monster.Tarantula, in his new spider-like form is on a rampage and wouldn't you know it, he blames Spider-Man for his hideous new makeover. While Spider-Man tests the limits of Tarantula's new abilities even going as far as to see if he has a spider-sense, but discovers he doesn't. Wisp wakes up, and he starts attacking the Tarantula but he's hardly affected because of his new found strength. The fight moves outside and both Wisp and Tarantula fall into the Jamaica Bay. The wall-crawler waits to see if they surface but no one comes out of the water, and he presumes they both perished.Changing back to his civilian identity, Peter returns home to find out that his film from the pics he took are worthless because the equipment in the lab was pumping out low-level radiation, which caused the film to fog up. At the Bugle, Robbie, Ned, and Marla have all be summoned to Jonah's office where they meet with Raymond Royton of the U.S. Department of Justice. After recounting various events that involve super beings spawned by the Brand, they get told that they'll have to kill their news story on Brand until they can find all the evidence they need. Jonah wishes there was another way to get the dirt on Brand. Outside the window, Spider-Man is listening in and thinks to himself that there is another way to get the information they need.The wall-crawler pays a visit to James Melvin's home. Oblivious to the fact that Spider-Man has followed him inside, Melvin goes into his home to relax in his office. Soon, Melvin gets a call from one of his superiors and he updates him on what happened at the Queens Brand plant. He's sure that Wisp is no longer among the living. Of course, it's at this moment that he's proven wrong when Wisp shows up. The Wisp recounts his ties to the Brand Corporation as he used to work for them as Jackson Arvad and Melvin was his boss. Melvin kept moving up the deadlines for their project and one day while half asleep, Jackson tried to prevent a gravimetric power surge from shattering a mango-chamber. Melvin found out that the accident made Avard an immaterial ball of energy and wanted to study him like a lab rat before he died. However, Jackson managed to gain enough control of his powers to reform into the Will O' the Wisp.Will O' the Wisp electrifies himself by grabbing a nearby lamp and asks Melvin to shake his hand as thanks for all he has done. That's when Spider-Man intervenes and tries to convince the Wisp that if he kills Melvin, he would be no better than the Brand Corporation. This angers the Wisp who engages Spider-Man in battle. The wall-crawler tries his best to stop Wisp, but his abilities make it difficult to subdue him. Before either man can win their battle, they stop when they hear the shriek of the Tarantula, who now has Melvin as his prisoner.While trying to get dirt on the shady dealings of the Brand Corporation, Spider-Man found himself in a battle with the revenge-seeking Will o' the Wisp. This fight is interrupted by the arrival of the Tarantula who is continuing to mutate into a massive spider form. Watching this from a video monitor is Roxxon official John Gamelin, who decides to record these events for his records. Meanwhile, Spider-Man chastises the Wisp for allowing the Tarantula to nab James Melvin so that he can kill him. However, the Wisp points out that James Melvin is still alive and orders the Tarantula to drop him. The Wisp explains that when he and the Tarantula seemingly perished in the water, he used his powers to put the creature under his hypnotic control. He then explains that Melvin is his prisoner and warns Spider-Man not to stop him, as he doesn't wish to battle him. The wall-crawler refuses to back down, telling the Wisp that killing James will not solve anything. When Spider-Man leaps at his foe, the Wisp becomes intangible, making the web-slinger pass harmlessly through him. By this point, the Tarantula looks down at Melvin and begins considering him for his next meal. When the Wisp tells him to stop, the two get into a fight, allowing Spider-Man to escape with James Melvin. Knocking out the Tarantula, Will o' the Wisp wonders how many others were transformed by the Brand Corporation and heads off after James Melvin.From his office, John Hamelin fears that Spider-Man's interference will prompt the Daily Bugle to revive the expose they were working on against Brand and calls his superior at Roxxon, August D'Angelo. D'Angelo tells John to begin cleaning up the mess so that this embarrassment doesn't harm Roxxon. When John goes back to his view screen, he is surprised to see that the Tarantula has disappeared. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is trying to give Will o' the Wisp the slip, but his foe manages to catch up. Needing his hands-free, he leaves an indignant James Melvin webbed up to a chimney. He then confronts the Wisp and tells him if he wants Melvin he has to catch him. Still thirsting for revenge, the Wisp follows after the wall-crawler as the hero desperately considers what to do next. Meanwhile, not far away, a news reporter is upset at being assigned to cover a society fundraiser instead of covering Sam Wilson's congressional campaign. It's then that he and his cameraman spot the Tarantula moving across the rooftops. The two men find this a much interesting story and follow the mutated creature in their news van. Meanwhile, Spider-Man has lured Will o' the Wisp to a local power plant when the Wisp bowls him over. When Wisp attempts to hypnotize Spider-Man to learn the location of James Melvin. However, the wall-crawler resists the hypnosis long enough to punch Wisp in the stomach, knocking the wind out of him. Spider-Man then picks up his foe and tosses him at the exterior of the power plant. Just as Spider-Man planned, the Wisp becomes intangible again to pass through the wall. The Wisp passes through three operating dynamos, weakening him sufficiently that when he comes out the opposite side of the building he collapses. With his opponent to weak to fight back, Spider-Man then takes him back to where he stashed James Melvin. On the way, he explains that the Justice Department is attempting to build a case against the Brand Corporation and turning James Melvin over to the authorities will force him to talk. When they arrive where Melvin has been webbed up, they discover that the Tarantula has found him as well. Spider-Man battles the Tarantula, who continues to lose his humanity with each passing moment. The battle is caught on live television by the camera crew that followed the Tarantula. However, the broadcast is cut off due to the fact that the television station is owned by Roxxon. When John reports this back to D'Angelo, the Roxxon head orders the elimination of Melvin. Back at the battle, Will o' the Wisp breaks free from Spider-Man's webbing and instead of killing James Melvin, he frees him, deciding that he is through being one of Brand's monsters. At that moment, Spider-Man is surprised when the Tarantula manages to web him up. Spider-Man points out to his foe that he has completely transformed into a massive spider. Enraged at his lost humanity, the Tarantula attempts to take his rage out on Melvin. However, the Wisp transports him to safety. By this time, the police have arrived on the scene and cordoned off the building. Seeing the officers, the Tarantula attempts to attack them only to be fatally shot and sent crashing to the ground. In the aftermath of the battle, Will o' the Wisp uses his hypnotic powers to force James Melvin to go to the police and confess. When he returns to Spider-Man and tells the wall-crawler that he is once more in his debt. Later, at the Daily Bugle, Peter Parker relates the whole situation to Joe Robertson. However, they catch a news report with John Gamelin of Roxxon saying that the corruption within the Brand Corporation will be investigated following the closure of the operations. Peter considers this a win for the good guys, however, Joe Robertson isn't too sure as a commercial airs that states the news program is sponsored by Roxxon Oil.Reading over the newspaper, Wilbur Day laments that his career as the costumed criminal known as Stilt-Man has been an utter failure. He had hoped he would find fame and fortune when he stole the hydraulic stilts created by his employer Karl Klaxton to become Stilt-Man. However, instead, he was defeated at the hands of Daredevil. He recounts how a later encounter with Spider-Man led to the wall-crawlers defeat, but the Stilt-Man didn't stick around long enough to finish off the hero and was defeated once again by Daredevil. He recalls how the computer known as FAUST constructed an even more powerful suit of armor for him, but he was easily defeated at the hands of the thunder god Thor. His most recent defeat happened when he Turk Barrett knocked him out and stole his Stilt-Man armor. With his ill-gotten funds dwindling and his inability to get work, Day needs a win that will bring him back into the game. Hearing a radio report about Spider-Man's recent activities, he decides that he will defeat Spider-Man to restore his tarnished reputation.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is searching the city for any traces of Doctor Octopus and the Owl. With no trace of his foes, Spider-Man decides to return home. Changing back to Peter Parker, the web-slinger worries about upcoming exams and finding work from the Daily Bugle. Just then he gets a phone call from his Aunt May, who Peter promises to visit the next day, and learns that things with her new boarding house are going well and tells Peter to take it easy. With the call over, Peter retires for the night. The next morning, Peter is taking the subway to deliver photos of Spider-Man's battle with Doc Ock and the Owl. Suddenly, his spider-sense begins going off and Peter follows its source. Going into the next car, Peter's spider-sense is going off due to a nervous-looking, seemingly harmless man. Peter wonders why he would be setting off his spider-sense, unaware that this is Wilbur Day. When the train reaches the next stop, Day gets off, and suspicious of what is happening. Peter tags him with a spider-tracer. However, this momentary distract leaves Parker open to a pickpocket. Peter chases after him, catching the thief easily thanks to his adhesive fingers. While Peter is turning over the thief to the police, Wilbur Day arrives at a Cordco facility where he knocks out the guard at the front gate with a canister of gas. Gaining access to one of the manufacturing facilities, Wilbur gets to work on building a new suit of armor. However, Day's presence isn't totally undetected. When the guard fails to check in with Stark International's head of security, Vic Martinelli, on Long Island, they decide to investigate. Later, Peter has sat down to a meal with Aunt May and her borders. Although Peter enjoys the meal and thinks that his Aunt is doing well, he is still consumed by his own problems. May's fiancee, Nathan Lubenski notices that Peter is bothered by something and advises him to go out and take care of his troubles. The pep talk inspires Peter to go back out as Spider-Man to get action pictures for the Daily Bugle. As he web-slings across the city, he spots a Stark International security van speeding through the city and decides to investigate. This leads him to Cordco where he goes in ahead of the security guards to find out what is going on. Inside the facility, Wilbur Day is finishing his final touches on his new suit of armor. He catches Day by surprise, but the villain manages to escape into the control room of the lab and activates the defenses. While Spider-Man dodges these weapons, Wilbur finishes his Stilt-Man armor and attacks Spider-Man directly. However, this time, the wall-crawler is ready for his gas by holding his breath. During the battle, Spider-Man notices a sonic disruptor is aimed right at Stilt-Man. The wall-crawler leaps in the way of the blast and is knocked out. With his foe at his mercy, Stilt-Man considers killing Spider-Man but realizes that there is nobody to witness it. Since Spider-Man saved his life, the Stilt-Man decides to spare him instead. He turns the wall-crawler over to Vic Martinelli and escapes.Peter Parker is joining his Aunt May and Nathan Lubensky at the tax authority of New York in order to get Aunt May's license to operate as a special-status landlady for her boarding house for the elderly from her home. Peter's musings about it being the home where Spider-Man grew up causes him to think back to his youth growing up in that home with Aunt May and his Uncle Ben. From there he recalls how he got his spider-powers and the death of Uncle Ben, something Peter still blames himself over because he could have caught the crook responsible days earlier. Peter then thinks how great Nathan Lubinski has been for his Aunt, as he had invested his own savings to help May get her home off the ground. With all the paperwork filed away, the trio decides to go an celebrate. Out on the street, Peter's spider-sense begins to go off and he narrowly avoids a car speeding out of an alleyway. Soon a police car pulls up and asks if they are okay, and to explain that the speeding car is involved in a bank robbery. Furious that his Aunt May and her fiancee almost got hurt, Peter tells them that he needs to go and rushes off. Peter quickly changes into Spider-Man and hitches a ride on the pursuing police car. Needing the money, he webs his camera onto the flashers on the police car to snap action photos for the Daily Bugle. Spider-Man then leaps across to the evading car and smashes his way inside. This forces the crooks to crash their car. However, one of them, George Hill, is thrown clear from the car and he tries to escape. Spider-Man follows after him but is briefly disorientated when George tosses a smoke bomb at him. This doesn't stop Spider-Man from spotting his escape down a manhole cover. Spider-Man follows after him into the sewers. Fearing capture, George wonders what to do next when he suddenly leans on a secret door. Finding the air inside fresher than the sewers, George goes inside, losing Spider-Man. The wall-crawler returns to the surface empty-handed and follows up with the police before heading off, grabbing his camera along the way. Unknown to Spider-Man, he was not far from an Osborn Manufacturing building. While below the surface, George explores the strange tunnel that he discovered and is shocked when it leads him to a secret room containing the equipment of the Green Goblin.Meanwhile, Aunt May and Nathan return home and is disappointed that there are no messages for her upon her arrival. When she enters the house, the phone begins to ring. May answers it hoping that it is her nephew Peter, but it turns out to be her longtime friend Anna Watson who has been living in Florida. Anna congratulates May on starting her boarding house and tells her that Mary Jane has been staying with her for a while. At that very moment, Peter Parker has returned to his apartment and tries to call Aunt May but discovers that the line is busy. With his new photos developed he takes them to the Daily Bugle. There, Joe Robertson is impressed with Peter's photos, telling the young photographer that they are his best yet. Peter tries to call Aunt May again, but the line is still busy. When Joe tells the copyboy to take the pictures to be printed, the copyboy mentions the chase ended at the Osborn facility. This causes Peter to recollect his old nemesis, Norman Osborn the original Green Goblin and how he had learned Peter's secret identity. As he thinks about how Osborn was responsible for the death of Gwen Stacy, his thoughts are interrupted by the very generous check for the photos. Joe then offers to give Peter a ride back out to Forest Hills to see his Aunt.At that moment, George Hill takes a mysterious man to the Green Goblin's underground hideout. The man is very interested to find the Goblin's old equipment and journals and tells George to load it all up into his van. Shortly thereafter, Joe Robertson and Peter are on their way to Forest Hills. As Joe tells Peter not to be a stranger as he focuses more and more on his studies, they hear a radio report about a fire that has broken out at the Osborn Manufacturing Plant. There, Peter discovers that Lance Bannon beat him to the fire to take photos. When Joe questions the firemen on the scene about the source of the fire, they say it started in a room that was not on any of the blueprints. With the fire put out, Peter asks to go inside and check it out. Granted access, Peter looks at the secret room and recognizes it as one of the places where the Green Goblin stashed his equipment. Peter worries that he knows who might have looted the room.Joe then gets a call from Aunt May for Peter, and he tells her that he will meet her for dinner and tells Joe that he is going to walk the rest of the way. As he leaves, Peter worries that the crook he chased into the sewers was the one who found the Goblin's old lair. Later that evening in the South Bronx, George Hill has finished emptying out the equipment from the van for his employer. The mystery man tells George to dispose of the van, but as he drives away his employer sets it to explode, killing George. Inside his home, the man has dyed the Green Goblin costumes to suit his needs. Trying out the equipment, and is impressed by Norman Osborn's inventive genius. With a new mask molded, the man dresses himself up in his new costume and intends to use his newfound power to continue where Norman Osborn left off. However, this man proclaims that the Green Goblin is dead, and calls himself the Hobgoblin.The midnight silence in New Jersey is interrupted as the Hobgoblin attacks another Osborn building to steal a battle van created by the Green Goblin before his apparent demise. When the police arrive on the scene they question the manager of the building, Donald Menken. He tells them that this is the largest of a series of apparent robberies at Osborn facilities. However, it appears nothing has been stolen, yet each attack uncovers hidden rooms that were previously unknown. This is reiterated when Harry Osborn and his wife Liz arrive on the scene. Menken explains that all of the buildings have been hit were ones that Harry's father, Norman Osborn, had a hand in building or procuring for the company. Harry has no idea what these rooms may have contained, explaining that his father was a secretive man and they may never know what was contained within.The next morning, the Hobgoblin -- in his civilian guise -- buys the morning edition of the Daily Bugle and muses about the story of his recent exploits found within. As he returns to his secret hideout, the Hobgoblin gloats about how all of the major newspaper will be carrying stories about his work. He is grateful for the first discovery of a Green Goblin cache and once he has finished pilfering them all he considers of doing the one thing the Green Goblin failed to do: destroy Spider-Man. At that moment at the intensive care ward of the Columbia Presbyterian Hospital, the Black Cat is still in a coma after being seriously wounded during Spider-Man's recent battle with Doctor Octopus and the Owl. Spider-Man watches over her and laments that Felicia is in a coma while Doctor Octopus continues to run free. Spider-Man's thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of Captain Jean DeWolff, who tells Spider-Man that she has the Black Cat under the heavy guard and to go home and get some rest.On his way out of the hospital, Spider-Man comes upon the hospital room where Madam Web has been recovering since he saved her from the Juggernaut. Web claims that she doesn't remember who he is, nor does she retain her clairvoyant abilities. Madam Web then asks Spider-Man to turn on the radio before he leaves. When he does, there's a news report about the attack on the Osborn Manufacturing building. The wall-crawler makes a hasty departure, telling Web that he hopes she will recover. Web thinks that might perhaps be the case, giving a sly smile as Spider-Man climbs out the nearby window. As he web-slings across the city, Spider-Man fears that these attacks on various Osborn buildings could spell trouble for Spider-Man.Meanwhile, Lance Bannon is at his apartment taking artistic photos of his girlfriend Amy Powell. Her posture annoys him, and he reminds her that he isn't photographing her for an adult magazine. After they are done, she notices a bunch of photos of Spider-Man that don't appear to have been sold to the Daily Bugle. She decides to rib him by asking if it is because he was beaten to the punch by Peter Parker. His silence is answer enough for her and she goes into the bathroom to dress. She warns him that if he is not careful, Peter Parker might steal her away from him as well. Lance doesn't believe it, but when Amy asks him to go out with her, Bannon declines and she storms out in anger. With Amy gone, Lance wonders what is wrong with him and why he is afraid of commitment.Shortly, Spider-Man returns to his apartment and discovers that his costume is smelling awful and that he needs a shower and to wash his uniform. As Peter cleans himself and his uniform, he goes over the details about the Osborn raids that have been reported. He fears that whoever is responsible may come across evidence of his secret identity if they have not done so already. Peter decides to take a nap and oversleeps. He is woken up at 7 pm by Amy Powell who asks him to join her for dinner. Realizing how late it is, Peter declines the offer and abruptly ends the call. Spider-Man rushes out to an old warehouse previously owned by Norman Osborn. Unfortunately, he arrives too late as the warehouse has recently been picked clean. With only one more location to check, Spider-Man goes to an old theater that Osborn used to operate out of. As he approaches, his spider-sense goes off and he catches the Hobgoblin in the process of looting this cache. The two battle each other in the street. Although Spider-Man is much stronger than his foe, the Hobgoblin keeps him at bay with a flurry of pumpkin bombs, razor bats, and ghost shaped smoke bombs.Spider-Man ultimately gets the upper hand when he snares the Hobgoblin's glider, forcing it to crash. Fearing capture, the Hobgoblin uses his finger blasters to blast open a gas main. While Spider-Man is busy cutting off the gas before it can explode, the Hobgoblin manages to escape. His body wracked with pain, the Hobgoblin wonders how Norman Osborn could have held his own against Spider-Man and is determined to find out the secret behind it. Meanwhile, Spider-Man takes stock of everything that has been happening and hopes things can't get any worse.Adrian Toomes has turned up in a retirement village in the southwest. While out buying the morning paper he comes across an issue of the Daily Bugle with a front-page story about Spider-Man. He isn't surprised to see that his longtime foe has made the front page once again. As he heads back to his modest home, he makes small talk with his neighbors he thinks about how his generation lacks the ambition. Back in his home, he thinks about how his time here has been very profitable due to the fact that there are not any superheroes around to stop him from his thefts as the Vulture. His moving to this village is a stroke of genius on his part, as the authorities wouldn't think to look for him in a retirement village. He finds it too bad Spider-Man is still alive, noting that Doctor Octopus appears to have given him a hard time. Flipping through the paper, Tooms is shocked to see an advertisement for a high-tech expo sponsored by Bestman Electronics. Furious to see that Bestman is back in business, Adrian calls a travel agency to book the next available flight to New York City.Hours later in New York City, Peter Parker is tossing and turning in his sleeping. He is having a nightmare about being attacked by Doctor Octopus and the Owl. The attack is suddenly interrupted by the Black Cat who tells Spider-Man that they are gone before turning into a skeleton. Suddenly, the Hobgoblin appears in his dream and gives him chase. Lastly, he is confronted by the Gladiator who slices the wall-crawler open. That's when Peter wakes up screaming. Turning on the light, Peter discovers that the bulb has burnt out. Climbing up onto the ceiling, Peter changes the bulb and thinks about his recent battles with Doctor Octopus, the Hobgoblin. When Peter looks out his blinds he is upset to see that he slept through the entire morning. Peter decides to web-sling into Queens to pay a visit to his Aunt May and changes into Spider-Man. Not long after Peter has left, Amy Powell is trying to call on Peter, only to learn from his neighbor -- Joseph Pincus -- that he is not home and that he is always on the go. Powell is not surprised by this as she has been trying to get some time with him for some time.Meanwhile, the Vulture has arrived in New York City and flies to the tech expo where he intends to make Gregory Bestmen regret ever being born. At that moment, Spider-Man swings past the General Techtronics Building, the place where he was bitten by the radioactive spider that gave him his powers. He then swings past Midtown High School, prompting to him to think about the hard times he had in high school, particularly from Flash Thomspon. Eventually, he arrives outside Aunt May's home, where he changes into his street clothes in a tree. Aunt May is happy to see him and she tells him that the day is full of surprises as she had learned that Anna Watson is coming to visit him. While Aunt May goes into the kitchen, her fiancee Nathan Lubinsky shows off the new television he purchased. Just then news coverage of the tech expo is interrupted by the arrival of the Vulture. Seeing this footage, Peter abruptly leaves and changes into Spider-Man to face his longtime foe.When Spider-Man arrives on the scene a police strike force led by Lieutenant Kris Keating has set up a perimeter around the expo but the Vulture has locked himself inside the facility. Keating is not happy to see Spider-Man at the scene but the wall-crawler convinces the officer to let him try to stop the Vulture first. Inside, the Vulture is trashing the expo demanding that George Bestman surrenders to him. Bestman horrified that Adrian Tooms was back to terrorize him again. Spider-Man tries to get the drop on the Vulture, but the villain shakes him off. The Vulture then surprises Spider-Man by grabbing military grade munitions that are also on display and begins tossing explosives at him. He then activates a number of military drones to attack Spider-Man. The wall-crawler easily smashes these devices, but this distraction allows the Vulture to activate a direct current generator, keeping Spider-Man on the defensive.While Spider-man is busy shutting it off to protect the crowds, the Vulture finds Bestman and captures him. When Spider-Man tries to stop him, he is shocked by the generator. Flailing in the air, he tries to latch on to George Bestman. In a panic, Besteman kicks Spider-Man in the face. With his hero down, the Vulture gloats that he will finally get his revenge and flees with Bestman as his prisoner.Spider-Man has been knocked out after attempting to stop the Vulture from kidnapping Gregory Bestman. As the villain escapes, the police -- led by Lieutenant Kris Keating -- comes crashing into the tech expo. There they learn about the Bestman kidnapping, and much to everyone's surprise, Spider-Man is still alive. Keating chastises Spider-Man for letting the Vulture go free. He goes too far when he mentions how the Black Cat is in hospital after getting shot. Spider-Man insists that he will capture the Vulture for them and takes one of Keating's walkie-talkies and leaps away. When the other officers ask if they should shoot, but Keating orders them to hold their fire. Keating begins trying to hail Spider-Man on the walkie-talkie, Spider-Man tells him to cool it. As it turns out, the wall-crawler managed to tag the Vulture with a spider-tracer before he escaped. Needing to get close enough to pick up the signal, Spider-Man took the walkie-talkie so he can hear of any Vulture sightings on the police band so narrow his search. While Spider-Man continues his hunt, at Penn Station, Anna Watson and his niece Mary Jane have just returned to New York City from Florida.Meanwhile, the Vulture is seen flying past a ship near Staten Island and the sighting is radioed in. Wondering how he can get there quickly, Spider-Man spots some police helicopters speeding by and hitches a ride on them. The police helicopters catch up to the Vulture, who hides in a forest to evade detection. However, Spider-Man is able to pick up his spider-tracer and tracks the Vulture to an unassuming looking grain silo. Spider-Man leaps from the helicopter creating a web parachute to land safely nearby. At that moment, the Vulture is watching the police helicopters continue on, having not seen Spider-Man he assumes that he is safe. Outside, Spider-Man climbs into the silo and discovers the Vulture's secret hideout. Inside, the Vulture has Gregory Bestman tied up in a chair, when Bestman comes around he realizes his capture by the Vulture was not a dream. The villain has kidnapped Bestman in order to get revenge against him as they used to be business partners. Adrian recounts how they started up a company, B + T Electronics, years ago. Gregory promised that the business profits from their work were going right back into the company so that Toomes could continue his research. Soon after, Adrian finished work on his electromagnetic harness that he would eventually use in his criminal career. When Adrian went to inform Bestman about his success he found his office unlocked and empty. Looking at papers on Gregory's desk, Adrian was shocked to discover the companies were making even greater profits than Bestman had said. Angrily confronting his partner, Adrian was surprised to discover the harness increased his strength. Adrian stopped himself before he could harm Bestman, who ordered Toomes out and said that he was finished. Adrian soon discovered that Bestman had ownership of the whole company and so he used what little money he had left to retire. Hungry for revenge, Toomes perfected his harness and fashioned his Vulture costume. His first criminal act was destroying the B + T Electronics building, ruining Bestman's business in the process.Before the Vulture can harm Bestman, Spider-Man intervenes and reveals that the entire tale was heard over the police band radio thanks to Keating's walkie-talkie. With his revenge scheme foiled, the Vulture attempts to make a break for it, throwing Bestman from the sky. Spider-Man manages to save Gregory with a web net. Meanwhile, the Vulture tries to create another distraction by forcing a helicopter to crash land. While the police are busy dealing with the crash, the Vulture tries to lose himself in the nearby forest, but Spider-Man manages to follow him and trap his foe with his webbing. The wall-crawler then rips off the Vulture's power-pack, rendering his wings useless and stripping him of his enhanced strength. Webbing up his foe, Spider-Man then turns Toomes over to Kris Keating and his officers. In the aftermath of the battle, Bestman tries to throw a punch at Toomes but is stopped by Spider-Man. Keating, having heard of Bestman's shady business practices, tells Gregory that he and the district attorney will look into his current business dealings as his current partners would be interested in any shady operations he might be involved in.  During this whole exchange, Spider-Man's camera is snapping away photos from its vantage point in a tree.Later, Peter Parker is happy to see that his photos made the front page of the Daily Bugle. His thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of Amy Powell who insists that Peter join her for coffee. Peter thinks that he doesn't need another romantic entanglement, but decides to go along just to humor her. Their departure is seen by Lance Bannon, who is fed up with Parker's interference in his career and romance life and vows to do something.After intersession period, Peter Parker returns to the campus of Empire State University. He thinks about he hasn't spent much time here due to his careers as a photographer and Spider-Man, especially since he has been spending a lot of the time with the Black Cat as she recovers in hospital. With a new semester starting, Peter has come to see if the faculty will continue to let him study or kick him out of school. When Peter goes to check a bulletin board he is surprised to see that all the grades except those for biophysics have been posted. He is then confronted by Professor Morris Sloan who scolds Peter for taking an interest in his grades so late in the game. Sloan explains that he is behind in his grading ever since Debora Whitman quit being her secretary and returned home to the midwest. When Peter asks if he has heard from her recently, Morris informs him that he briefly spoke to her and that she had said she was doing well. Peter thanks Morris for the update and departs. Grabbing an issue of the Daily Bugle, Peter discovers that J. Jonah Jameson has been milking the recent capture of Doctor Octopus, going so far as using an old file photo of the villain Peter took. This gets him thinking of how Octopus was responsible for the Black Cat getting shot and being in the hospital. He hopes that the villain remembers that not only did Spider-Man defeat him once again, but also saved his life. Peter's thoughts are interrupted when Lance Bannon pulls his car up beside him and demands to talk. When Peter asks what he wants, Lance says that it is personal and asks him to get in. Peter obliges and after a long silence, he wonders what his rival wants to talk about.Meanwhile, at a maximum security prison, the villain known as the Mad Thinker sits and ponders. Although he looks like he is lost in thought, he is actually transmitting his mind into an android body in one of his secret hideouts. The Think is amused that the authorities think he is harmlessly in prison, but this whole time he has been using the simulacrum to work on new strategies to defeat his foes. He goes over the footage of his battles with foes such as the Fantastic Four, the X-Men, and the Avengers. He then pulls data from his base in New Hampshire where Spider-Man battled his androids. He is impressed by the wall-crawler's performance and wonders if the rumors about the hero having some kind of warning sense are true. Learning how to utilize this sort of ability could prove beneficial to the Mad Thinker as it would help eliminate the x-factor that always interferes with his plans. Estimating that Spider-Man will appear on the east side of Manhattan within the next three hours, he sends one of his Battledroids out to hunt the wall-crawler. Once the android is off on its mission, the Mad Thinker transfers his mind back to his real body in prison.At that moment, at a Manhattan bar, Lance Bannon talks to Peter about the fact that his girlfriend Amy Powell has been pursuing him. Peter learns that Lance and Amy had an open relationship. Recently Powell has been asking Lance for a committed romance, but Lance can't find the courage to make that commitment. Now, he fears that he might be losing her to Peter Parker. Peter assures her that he has no interest in Amy and decides to call her to sort things out. Amy takes control of the conversation preventing Peter from getting into anything edgewise. To his exasperation, Peter is shoehorned into a dinner date with her later that evening. Peter is annoyed with being caught in a love triangle and tells Lance to meet him at his place at 7:30 so they can both meet with Amy and storms out of the bar.Lance Bannon tries to follow after Peter, but Parker manages to slip away and change into Spider-Man. Web-slinging across the city, Spider-Man is attacked by the Mad Thinker's battledroid at a Con-Edison plant. At first, Spider-Man easily knocks down the android, but it responds by unleashing its hidden weaponry. As this battle rages on, a certain redhead comes to visit Peter Parker. However, she is told by Peter's landlady, Maimie Muggins, that Peter isn't around and that he keeps strange hours. As the woman walks away, Maimie takes a moment to criticize the young woman for calling on a single man, as that's not the way they acted when Mrs. Muggins was her age. Meanwhile, Spider-Man continues to battle the android. The Mad Thinker observes the battle and is impressed that the web-slinger is able to hold his own against an Android model that once almost defeated the Fantastic Four. Spider-Man is surprised to see police lining the area and, insult to injury, Lance Bannon is on the scene snapping photos. The wall-crawler lures the Android into the Con-Ed building where he relies on a cover of darkness to bombard his attacker by hurling junk at it. Since the battledroid can only see via radar, Spider-Man confuses it into walking near some massive generators and sends it collapsing down on the Android, destroying it.With the battle over, Spider-Man's spider-sense warns him that there is a bomb within the Android that is about to blow up. Taking a shard of its cracked armor, Spider-Man quickly escapes the building just moments before it blows up. Still observing this situation, the Mad Thinker has confirmed the rumor about Spider-Man's early warning sense and decides to ponder things further. Meanwhile, Spider-Man returns to his apartment and changes back into Peter Parker. There he gets ready to meet with Amy Powell when there is a knock at the door. Peter thinks it's Lance coming to meet him but it turns out to be Amy Powell. Amy has decided to surprise Peter by changing the plans and having an indoor picnic at his apartment. When Peter tries to talk her out of staying, she tries to shut him up by kissing Peter. Suddenly, there is another knock at the door, and Peter fears that Lance Bannon will catch him in this compromising experience. Amy tells Peter to ignore the knocks when suddenly, the person unlocks the door. As it turns out, the visitor is none other than Mary Jane Watson, who has come to visit Peter and has come in using the spare set of keys he gave her to his apartment. Seeing Peter with lipstick all over his face, she asks him if she has dropped by at a bad time.Mary Jane Watson has returned to New York and walked in on Peter Parker and Amy Powell. Powell has been trying to kiss Peter, leaving him in a compromised situation. Peter awkwardly introduces Mary Jane to Amy when suddenly Lance Bannon arrives as well. He demands to know what is going on, but Amy storms out of the apartment. Lance is incredibly confused, so Peter puts it bluntly by telling Lance to go after her. Left alone with Mary Jane, Peter explains that strange love triangle he found himself in between Lance Bannon and Amy Powell. After hearing Peter's explanation, Mary Jane tells him that she had come by to let him know that she was back in town and to also return his extra pair of keys. When Peter asks Mary Jane how long she will be in town, MJ tells him he isn't sure and leaves. This leaves Peter even more frustrated than ever. Seeing that Amy Powell left her picknick basket behind and helps himself to the food inside. Peter then decides to investigate the android that attacked him earlier in the day and changes into Spider-Man. Taking the shard of the battledroid's armor, Spider-Man brings it to the campus of Empire State University where he finds his ally, Curt Connors and asks him to examine the shard. Connors is impressed with the sophistication of the Android technology. Spider-Man however, wants to know where it came from and who made it.Just then, Morris Sloan comes into Connors lab, prompting Spider-Man to leap onto the ceiling. Sloan has just finished grading his biophysics exams and is shocked to see Spider-Man there. While Morris is warning Connors about what the trustees would think about his "friend", Spider-Man takes the opportunity to sneak a peak at his exam mark and is surprised to see that he has an A. Sloan is upset that the wall-crawler is peeking at his work, but Spider-Man is too excited to care and leaps out the window and bounds around the city to celebrate. At that very moment, at a coffee shop, Lance Bannon and Amy Powell express their feelings for one another and decide to take their relationship to the next level. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is still excited that he passed as this means he can continue his graduate studies. Thinking this over he realizes that he will have to spend more time in the lab and determine dissertation. His thoughts are interrupted when he overhears a news report coming from a television in an apartment below him. Poking his head into the window, Spider-Man learns that the Universal Liberation Army has taken hostages at Our Lady of Grace and decides to head there and see what he can do.At the scene, the ULA makes their demands to the police outside, however, the hostage negotiator has no authority to grant those requests. With the situation getting tense, Spider-Man slips unseen into the chapel and beings quietly taking out members of the terrorist group while their leader is busy listing off his demands. With all the other members of the group taken down, Spider-Man sneaks up on their leader and knocks him out once he finishes making his demands. After he is thanked by the hostages, Spider-Man takes his leave so the police can round up the terrorists. Outside, the wall-crawler collects his camer which snapped photos of the situation so he can sell them to the Daily Bugle. There, Peter develops his film and turns in the usable photos and gets paid. He stops by Ben Urich's desk to see how the ace reporter is doing. Urich is working on a fraud story and is in a grumpy mood because his word processor is not operating properly. Peter leaves the Bugle and as Spider-Man pays a visit to Felicia Hardy at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital to see how she is coming along with her recovery. Felicia is doing well, but the medication is making her groggy and she is getting stir crazy being confined to a hospital bed. The wall-crawler reminds her of how serious her injuries were and recommends that she stay in bed until she is fully healed. She is also worried how she is going to pay her medical bills, but Spider-Man tells her that they will worry about it later. When Felicia calls him "tiger", it reminds the web-slinger of Mary Jane, and he asks her not to call him that again. After kissing Felicia goodnight, Spider-Man goes out webslinging. His mind focuses on his relationship with the Black Cat and his past romance with Mary Jane. He also worries about where he will get the money to pay for Felicia's hospital bills, survive, and look after his Aunt May. He considers giving up being Spider-Man to focus entirely on his career as a photographer, but he finds that he cannot give up his double-identity.Up all night, Peter finds himself back at Empire State University in the morning. He is greeted in the lab by his frequent lab partner Roger Hotchberg. Peter has spent the entire night thinking and hands Roger all of his notes because he has decided to leave the graduate program. This comes as a shock to Roger, who is speechless as Peter leaves the lab. On his way out, he is stopped by one of the secretaries who has a letter for him from registrar's office. It's a letter of congratulations telling Peter that he has been accepted to continue his studies in the graduate program. Grimly reading this letter, Peter then crumples it up and tosses it into the garbage before leaving the campus of ESU.Spider-Man pays a visit to Felicia Hardy, who is still recovering in the hospital. Their kissing is interrupted when a nurse comes to check on Felicia, prompting Spider-Man to depart. He tells Felicia that he has some business to take care of so they can have a life together. As the wall-crawler makes his departure, Hardy thinks about Spider-Man's recent battles with the Punisher, Doctor Octopus, and the Hobgoblin and feels useless that she is not in well enough shape to help him against these menaces. Spider-Man goes to the campus of Empire State University to fill out the necessary paperwork to take a leave of absence from his studies. When he arrives at the administrator's office he is dismayed to discover a massive line up. After a few hours of waiting, Peter is given the paperwork he needs to fill out and get the proper authorizations. When he passes the Dead of Admissions office he finds that he is away for the next 15 minutes. Having to get other signatures, Peter decides to get those while he waits. His first stop is the office of Professor Morris Sloan. Morris is disappointed to hear that Peter is quitting school, however, Peter explains that he has personal and financial reasons for taking a leave of absence and that he needs a break from schooling. Accepting this with great reluctance, Morris Sloan signs the papers.When Peter heads back to Dean Krenshaw's office, he catches him as he is leaving for a meeting and he tells Peter to come back later. Peter waits in another long line to get a leave of absence form, only to discover that he is on the wrong floor. When he finally gets the form he catches Dean Krenshaw on his lunch. Peter convinces him to sign the paperwork but slams the dean's office door when he answers a phone call and tells the caller that he isn't busy. Peter suddenly gets a fiendish idea and uses his webbing to seal the dean's door shut. When Krenshaw finishes his lunch and tries to leave his office he finds himself trapped, allowing other students to take advantage of the situation to get their paperwork signed. Meanwhile, Mary Jane Watson is having lunch with her old friends Harry and Liz Osborn. The couple tell her how great their marriage is going. They then suggest they all go out over the weekend with Peter Parker. However, Mary Jane is cold to this idea and leaves. Harry and Liz realize that playing matchmaker with Mary Jane is going to be harder than they thought. When they go to the corporate offices of Osborn Industries for a stockholders meeting they are shocked to find all the other members bound and gagged and office in shambles.When the this latest break-in at an Osborn building hits the newspapers, Spider-Man learns about it when he web-slings past some men commenting on it on the streets. Suspecting that this might be the work of the Hobgoblin, Spider-Man decides to investigate. He pays a visit to the office of Police Captain Jean DeWolff, but finds that she isn't there. Breaking in, Spider-Man goes looking through her files and learns that the only thing stolen from the office were records of chemicals purchased by the company over the past six years. As he puzzles out why someone would steal such information, he overhears some officers talking about a break-in on the pier where an Osborn chemical warehouse is located. When Spider-Man arrives at the scene, he discovers the police have the area surrounded and are having a stand-off with the men inside. Spider-Man goes inside the warehouse and attacks the gunmen. In a transport truck, a man tosses some of the Hobgoblin's razor bats at the wall-crawler, setting off a chemical fire, and tries to make a break for it. Although he manages to escape, Spider-Man tags the back of the truck with a spider-tracer. Once he has gotten far enough away, the driver dumps the truck, escaping in a van that was hidden inside the trailer. When Spider-Man catches up to the truck, he discovers that it is being remotely piloted and bails out before it crashes into a wall. Going back to the scene of the crime, Spider-Man overhears the captured thieves telling the officers that they were hired by a crook named Lefty Donovan. Meanwhile, Left Donovan arrives at the Hobgoblin's hideout where he reports to his employer what went down. The Hobgoblin is still recovering from his injuries sustained during his last clash with Spider-Man and with the chemicals stolen he hopes to recreate the formula that gave the Green Goblin the strength to be a match against the wall-crawler. Meanwhile, Mary Jane Watson is leaving a theater show with her date. As they pass by a newsstand she is disturbed by the front page news regarding the recent attacks on Osborn Manufacturing and worries for Harry and Liz. When her date notices that she looks grim, Mary Jane brushes it off and goes back to pretending to be her happy-go-lucky-self.Spider-Man has come to the office of the District Attorney to compare notes about the Hobgoblin. Getting an audience with D.A. Blake Tower, he tells him that the recent break-ins at various Osborn Manufacturing plants were carried out by a new supervillain calling himself the Hobgoblin who has been utilizing the equipment of the original Green Goblin. This is interesting news to Tower, who had not heard of the Hobgoblin up to that point. According to his sources, the last robbery was at least carried out by a small-time crook named Lefty Donovan. Spider-Man then asks to look over the files the police have on Donovan, but Tower explains that he just can't get the police commissioner to allow the wall-crawler to look at the files. When Spider-Man argues the point, saying that he would do so for the Avengers, Tower points out that at least the Avengers have proper security clearance. He tells the wall-crawler that information is a two-way street, and asks Spider-Man to give him more details about the Hobgoblin and why he is looting Osborn buildings. Spider-Man tells him to forget it and abruptly leaves. However, this gets Blake to thinking about his first order of business as District Attorney was to clear Spider-Man of involvement in the death of Norman Osborn, and thinks there is a stronger connection that there appears to be. Web-slinging across the city, Spider-Man finds it frustrating that he cannot reveal that Norman Osborn was the original Green Goblin and his fears that his secret identity may have been written down somewhere.At that moment at a mansion on Long Island, a man who is apparently the Hobgoblin orders his assistant out of the room as he makes the final touches on the Goblin Formula that gave the Green Goblin the strength to hold his own against Spider-Man. After mixing the chemicals together, they explode in his face, horribly burning him. His assistant drags the man out of the mansion as it catches fire. With the authorities on their way, the assistant runs inside to try and hide evidence, but the mansion suddenly explodes once he is inside. When firefighters arrive on the scene they find the horribly burned body. Unable to identify the man, he is sent to the hospital where the majority of his identifying features are bandaged up.Back in the city, Spider-Man wishes he had the resources and money that the Avengers had as they would help in his search for information on Lefty Donovan. Instead, the wall-crawler goes to the Daily Bugle so he can check their morgue as Peter Parker. Peter spends hours searching through the files but can't find anything and wonders if he should ask Ben Urich if he knows anything about Donovan. Just then, Peter's spider-sense goes off and he is startled by Betty Leeds. Betty decided to see what Peter is up to and invites him out to lunch. On their way out they see a strange sight coming out of the elevator: J. Jonah Jameson carrying a gym bag. The pair theorizes what Jameson could possibly be doing with it, however, the gym bag mystery becomes all but forgotten when they arrive at the restaurant. There Peter discovers that not only are the meeting up with Ned Leeds but also Mary Jane Watson as well -- a transparent attempt by Betty to try and play matchmaker for the pair. As they sit down, Peter tells them that he has quit school, much to everyone's surprise. As they discuss Peter's future, he can't help but notice that Mary Jane's eyes are similar to those of the Black Cat. This causes him to wonder why his love life can't be simpler.Over the next few weeks, Peter Parker divides his time between honing his photographic skills and hunting for Lefty Donovan, the man he believes is the Hobgoblin. Whoever the villain may be, Spider-Man is completely unaware that a man who at least thinks he is the Hobgoblin is still recovering in the hospital. This man suddenly wakes up, but his memory of events are fuzzy. Remembering the explosion, he is happy to note that they have him listed as a John Doe on the records and haven't figured out his identity. Stripping off his bandages, this ban jumps one of the nurses and steals his uniform. Slipping out of the building undetected, this man steals the nurse's car and drives back to Long Island. There he finds the mansion in ruins. Still struggling to try and remember exactly what happened, he remembers that there is Hobgoblin gear hidden in a secret shelter below the mansion. There he feels an urge to put on a Hobgoblin costume but stops long enough to put a series of sensors on his body, although he is unsure why. As this man takes off dressed as the Hobgoblin, a computer suddenly comes to life.Meanwhile, Spider-Man has come to the 5th Precinct of the NYPD to ask Sgt. Lou Snider about Lefty Donovan. Snider puts on a show, acting as though he isn't going to cooperate with the wall-crawler, but leaves him the file on Donovan to look over. Spider-Man looks over the file and is confused when he reads that Donovan was in for questioning on the evening that Spider-Man first fought the Hobgoblin. As he puzzles this new mystery, Spider-Man is interrupted by Snider, who tells him that the Hobgoblin is attacking Times Square, demanding that Spider-Man face him. On the scene, the police have a sniper try to take down the Hobgoblin. The villain manages to avoid the shot and attempts to toss the sniper off a roof to his death. However, the officer is saved by the timely arrival of Spider-Man. Spider-Man engages his foe and is surprised to discover that the Hobgoblin somehow has increased his strength to super-human levels.When the villain tosses a construction dumpster at Spider-Man, he creates a web cushion on his chest in order to take the brunt of the falling object and prevent bystanders from getting hurt. When the Hobgoblin tosses a pumpkin bomb at Spider-Man, he is able to catch it on a web and toss it back at his foe. The Hobgoblin is caught in the blast, stunning him. Spider-Man catches up to his foe and unmasks him. To his surprise, it is Lefty Donovan, which he finds hard to believe. Donovan explains that he was exposed to Norman Osborn's Goblin formula which blew up in his face. When he mentions he was doing it for his boss, Spider-Man demands to know who this employer is. Suddenly, the goblin glider under Donovan's feet roars to life and flies at top speed toward a nearby building. The wall-crawler tries to stop him with a web line, but he cannot stop Donovan before he fatally impacts, his goblin glider exploding on impact.As paramedics clean up the body, everyone believes that the Hobgoblin is dead. However, after hearing what Lefty Donovan said, the wall-crawler believes otherwise and fears that nothing can stop him from continuing his activities. Spider-Man is correct, as watching the events on the television, the real Hobgoblin has completed his analysis of the effects of the Goblin Formula on Donovan and can now create a means of harmlessly administering it to himself. He then vows that once he gains this power he will destroy Spider-Man once and for all.Spider-Man, at last punched out by J. Jonah Jameson... Mary Jane Watson, the toast of Broadway... the Black Cat breaks the bank at Monte Carlo... and Peter Parker's greatest fear is revealed... or is it? A special off-beat issue guest-starring... the Wachter. Never has so much been revealed about so many of Spider-Man's friends and foes-- including a clue to MJ's mysterious past.Spider-Man pays a visit to the shabby room rented out by local stool pigeon named Nose Norton. Norton tries to flee from the wall-crawler, but Spider-Man corners him, reminding the stoolie that he saved his life from both the Cobra and the Tarantula. Once Norton has calmed down, Spider-Man asks Nose to tell him everything he knows about the Hobgoblin. Norton thinks Spider-Man is kidding, as he read about the apparent death of the Hobgoblin in the newspaper. The web-slinger corrects him, telling Norton that it was actually Lefty Donovan who died posing as the Hobgoblin and the real one is out there somewhere. Regardless, Nose Norton has no information on the Hobgoblin. Spider-Man tells Nose that if he hears anything to tell him right away, and then departs. With the masked hero gone, Nose heaves a sigh of relief at the close call he just experienced. He was certain that Spider-Man had come for the object he has hidden under his bed. He pulls out the musical instrument case inside and is glad that Spider-Man didn't find it as it would have ruined his current plans.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is swinging across the city and is convinced that Nose Norton was telling the truth. His thoughts then move on to how helpful it would have been to know that the city was covering the Black Cat's hospital bills, had he known that he wouldn't have quit grad school. Since the deed has already been done, Spider-Man decides it is for the best as he wants to experience more of the real world. Collecting his street clothing, Spider-Man swings to a nearby restaurant, where he changes into his civilian identity in the alley. Peter then joins his Aunt May and Anna Watson for dinner. Given the situation, Peter decides not to ruin Aunt May's good mood by telling her that he quit grad school. As the evening carries on, Peter tells the two women that he is glad that Mary Jane is not here as everyone else seems to be trying to match them up again. No sooner has Peter said this does Mary Jane arrive with May's fiancee Nathan Lubensky. After having dessert and everyone begins parting company, Peter tells Aunt May that he isn't upset that they tried to play matchmaker with him. May tells Peter that he and Mary Jane have so much in common than Peter thinks, as they have both lost so much. When Peter parts company, he begins to wonder what Aunt May meant by this.By this time, Nose Norton is heading off to offload the object he has in his case, unaware that Spider-Man slipped a spider-tracer into the brim of his hat. Spider-Man follows Norton to a warehouse. Inside, Spider-Man spies from the rafters as Norton sells the object to a gang leader for a large sum of money and sent on his way. After setting up his camera to take photos, an arc sodium lamp on the roof of the building turns on. This casts Spider-Man's shadow on the plans the gang has spread out on a table, blowing his element of disguise. While Spider-Man is busy with the thugs, their leader shows that he has enhanced strength by trying to toss a massive crate at the wall-crawler, which the hero manages to dodge. Before Spider-Man wrap up this battle, it is interrupted by the novice superhero known as Frog-Man. While Spider-Man tries to get Frog-Man's spring boots under control, the gang escapes with the object they bought by Nose Norton. With the crooks gone, Spider-Man helps up Frog-Man and tells the kid to get out of the super-hero racket before he gets hurt. However, Frog-Man doesn't want to give it up, so Spider-Man gets him to promise to at least practice using his spring-loaded boots before going out on patrol again.As Spider-Man web-slings to the Daily Bugle, he tries to understand why people enjoy the lifestyle that he lives as a costumed hero, recounting how this sort of romanticism is what led to the Black Cat getting hurt. Later, after developing his photos in the Bugle's dark room, Peter discovers that he managed to pick up details about the gangs planned heist. The next day, Spider-Man heads to a highway not far from Lake Ronkokoma, where the gang members are waiting for an armored car to pass by. When it does, they use the device in the case -- an energy cannon -- to blast the vehicle off the road. They then knock out the guards and use a tow truck to carry the armored car away. Spider-Man arrives on the scene moments later and learns from the guards what happened. He tracks the tow truck to a nearby garage where the crooks have just finished breaking their way into the armored vehicle. Their leader pulls out a crate from inside and removes its contents -- the enchanted crowbar that once belonged to the super-villain known as the Wrecker.The gang leader turns out to be Thunderball, a member of the Wrecker's Wrecking Crew, and armed with both the enchanted crowbar and his own enchanted wrecking ball, he tells his hired goons that he no longer needs them and has no intention of paying them either. This is not received well, but when the thugs try to attack their former employer, they discover that he is far too powerful. They are knocked outside of the barn, just as Spider-Man arrives on the scene. Now in full costume, Thunderball sees the wall-crawler and assures the masked hero that there is no way he can stop him now.Thunderball has recovered the crowbar wielded by his former boss, the Wrecker from a prison armored car. With the crowbar and his own wrecking ball, Thunderball's strength has now doubled. The only person now standing in his way is Spider-Man, who is more concerned with getting Thunderball's former minions to safety. As Thunderball leaves the scene, Spider-Man gets to a phone and calls the authorities for help. Not far away, Thunderball marvels over his increased strength and considers himself a one-man wrecking crew. While he is distracted, Spider-Man gets the drop on him and manages to snatch away the Wrecker's crowbar. Although Spider-Man has taken the weapon away from Thunderball, it's power is still transferring to him. Thanks to his enhanced speed and agility, Spider-Man is able to keep on the defensive, but the wall-crawler lures Thunderball out to an electrical transformer. There, he tosses the crowbar back to his foe. As Thunderball grabs the crowbar just as Spider-Man webs up a wire to the crowbar, sending thousands of volts of electricity into the villain. This doesn't stun Thunderball overly much and he tosses his wrecking ball at the web-slinger. Spider-Man dodges it and attaches another wire to that weapon as well. When Thunderball grabs it, it completes a circuit between him and the transformer. Although Thunderball continues to shrug this off, he is unaware that he is causing the transformer to overload. Spider-Man runs to cover, ushering the arriving police officers to safety. Suddenly, the transformer explodes with enough force to knock out Thunderball.With the battle over, Spider-Man is swarmed by reporters who are less interested in the wall-crawler's battle with Thunderball, and more interested in his comments on creating the largest traffic jam on the nearby expressway. Unsurprised by the lack of gratitude, Spider-Man leaps into the back of a pick-up truck heading back to the city so he can get back home.Peter Parker has web-slinged to a housewarming party being thrown by Harry and Liz Osborn. His secret identity is almost blown when one of the partygoers catches him changing in the Osborn house. Thankfully, the woman has poor eye-sight and puts her glasses on just as Peter finishes doffing most of his Spider-Man costume. Slightly embarrassed, Peter ushers the woman out of the room so he can continue getting changed. Outside he is surprised by the number of attractive and single women that he was told would be in attendance. When he meets up with Liz, she gives him the tour of the house. Out on the driveway, Harry returns from a motorcycle ride with one of the neighborhood kids. He tells Liz that he was just practicing for their coming child. Rejoining the party, Peter is not surprised to see Mary Jane flirting among with the men at the party. He pulls her aside so they can catch up. While Peter thinks about how he once proposed to Mary Jane only to be turned down, she tells him how her Aunt Anna is returning to Florida, while she has opted to stay in New York as she has lined up some modeling gigs. Suddenly, Peter is jolted by a massive buzz from his spider-sense. This confuses him as there is no apparent danger. Seeing that Peter is preoccupied, Mary Jane decides it would be a fun idea to push him into the pool. However, Peter manages to grab her and pull her in along with him.Meanwhile, at the Daily Bugle, publisher J. Jonah Jameson grimly looks out the window of his office. Soon, his girlfriend Marla Madison enters the office and asks Jameson is he is ready. She scolds him for smoking a cigar, as he said he was trying to quit, but he tells her it isn't lit and it was helping him think. When she asks what's wrong, he confides in her that he once used his wealth to create the Scorpion to stop Spider-Man. However, the Scorpion became an even larger menace than Spider-Man. The authorities weren't aware of the extent of his involvement and thankfully the only person who is alive and knows the truth is the Scorpion himself, but he is too insane to tell anyone. Marla tells Jonah not to worry about it as it happened so long ago, but that's when Jameson reveals that someone is being blackmailed.At that moment, an envelope is delivered to Harry Osborn, and after he looks over the contents he abruptly leaves the party on his motorcycle, worrying Liz. When she tells Peter and Mary Jane about this, Peter volunteers to follow after Harry and see what's wrong. Thanks to his spider-powers, Peter is able to catch up to Harry, finding him parked in the woods. Harry says that he can handle what is bothering him is nothing he wants to talk about. However, Peter convinces him that he can confide in him. That's when Harry tells Peter that his father was the Green Goblin. Although Peter already knows this, he pretends like this is a shock. Peter recalls how Norman Osborn became the Green Goblin, and how the Goblin discovered his secret identity and was responsible for the death of Peter's girlfriend, Gwen Stacy. Lastly, he recalls how Norman seemingly died during their final battle. Peter tries to ease Harry's mind by telling him that it is all over with, but that's when Harry reveals that someone is blackmailing him. Peter offers to help Harry, even though he knows everything that his father has done.The next afternoon, Peter joins Harry for the blackmailer's meeting at the Century Club in Manhattan. Peter is taken aback by how posh the club is, figuring it would cost a fortune for membership. Harry explains that he inherited his father's membership and the two sit at the bar before they wait for Harry's meeting in the Booker Room. While there, Peter scans the room and spots the Kingpin among the patrons of the club. When the club members begin lining up to enter the Booker room, Peter also notices fashion designer Roderick Kingsley as well as J. Jonah Jameson in attendance. However, when Harry tries to bring Peter in with him, he is refused admittance. Peter tells Harry that it's okay and that he will wait outside. Suspecting that the Kingpin is responsible for this meeting, Peter fears that the Hobgoblin might have found Peter's secret identity in one of Norman Osborn's old journals and possibly sold it to the Kingpin. As Peter slips into the meeting room next door, the wealthy men in the meeting all tensely await who is responsible for blackmailing them all, and suspect one another.Suddenly, a curtain pulls back revealing the blackmailer to be none other than the Hobgoblin himself. They are shocked to discover that the Hobgoblin is still alive, and he tells them that he intends to make a hefty sum from the millionaires gathered in order to buy his silence. Watching from the vents is Spider-Man, who wonders why his spider-sense isn't going off with the Hobgoblin in the room. However, not everyone is afraid of the Hobgoblin, as J. Jonah Jameson refuses to give in to blackmail and tells the Hobgoblin that he will be stopped. Harry also refuses to surrender and confronts the Hobgoblin. When the villain mockingly tells Harry that he is crazy as his father, Osborn takes a swing at him. They're all surprised when the Hobgoblin's head comes off, revealing that it is actually a robot of the villain.Suddenly, the real Hobgoblin comes crashing through the window and attacks Harry. This prompts Spider-Man to leap into action to save his friend. At the back of the room, the Kingpin's bodyguards are about to get into the mix, but their employer tells them to wait as there is no immediate danger to him. During the battle, the Hobgoblin lobs some pumpkin bombs at the wall-crawler. Quick thinking, Spider-Man fashions a bat out of his webbing and smashes them. However, the Hobgoblin planned for this as the bombs are filled with a gas that completely dulls Spider-Man's spider-sense. This gives the Hobgoblin the upper hand and he trounces Spider-Man. Struggling to stay conscious, Spider-Man attempts to tag the Hobgoblin with a spider-tracer but blacks out. The tracer rolls harmlessly toward the Kingpin's foot. The Hobgoblin attempts to kill Spider-Man with one of his finger blasts, but the Kingpin tosses a silver tray to block the shot. Fisk then tells the Hobgoblin has done enough and Spider-Man is under his protection. Hobgoblin is shocked to see the Kingpin, thinking to himself that he forgot he was a club member. Deciding to leave things be for now, the Hobgoblin tells the millionaires that he will be in touch soon and flees. As he does so, the Kingpin manages to tag him with the spider-tracer.Using smelling salts, the Kingpin revives Spider-Man and tells him what he has done. When Spider-Man asks the Kingpin why he helped him out, the crime boss explains that the Hobgoblin is a threat to his criminal operations and having Spider-Man apprehend him is good for business. As the Kingpin departs, Spider-Man fears that this effort was for nothing as he can only follow his spider-tracers with his spider-sense, and now it's gone -- possibly for good!Upon learning that the Hobgoblin is blackmailing members of New York's wealthy elite, Spider-Man went to the Century Club to stop him. However, the Hobgoblin managed to flee after dousing Spider-Man with a gas that nullified his spider-sense. Furious that the wall-crawler interfered, the men who are being blackmailed attempt to rush him. Seeing that his friend Harry Osborn is looking for his alter-ego, Spider-Man slips away to change back into Peter Parker. Peter pretends he doesn't know what's going on, and when Harry fills him in, Jameson leaves. When Peter suggests calling the police, Harry points out that these wealthy men have no interest in getting the authorities involved. Peter and Harry go to a nearby coffee shop where Harry points out that the Hobgoblin seemed to know the club in a way that suggests that he might be a member. Peter worries about how the Hobgoblin had been discovering the secrets of Norman Osborn, the original Green Goblin, and fears his secret identity might be compromised. Although the Hobgoblin was tagged with a spider-tracer, Parker worries he won't be able to track it now that his spider-sense is gone.Meanwhile, at his hideout, the Hobgoblin finds the spider-tracer attached to his Goblin Glider. Knowing Spider-Man tracks these devices with his spider-sense he gloats over stripping the wall-crawler of that power. Recalling a mention in one of Osborn's journals that the Green Goblin developed the chemical to try and learn Spider-Man's secret identity, the Hobgoblin wonders if Norman had recorded this in one of his many journals. Later that afternoon, Peter tries to slip out of his apartment skylight as Spider-Man and narrowly avoids getting spotted by his landlord Maimie Muggins, beating the dust out of a rug. The wall-crawler worries that he will have to figure out something in the event that his spider-sense never comes back. Spider-Man web-slings into Manhattan where he pays a visit to wealthy financier George Vandergill. He asks George if there was anything about the Hobgoblin that he found familiar. George refuses to talk, telling the web-slinger that the Hobgoblin has nothing on him and to bother the others. Seeing that he is getting nowhere, Spider-Man departs. With Spider-Man gone, George calls his travel agent and confirms his flight out to Bimini, reiterating that it is a one-way flight.Spider-Man next pays a visit to fashion designer Roderick Kingsley. However, when he questions Roderick, he is too frightened to talk. The pattern continues when Spider-Man visits the other blackmail victims. On his way across the city, Spider-Man is suddenly jolted by a massive warning from his spider-sense. This stuns him for a moment, but when his mind clears he recalls this was similar to the danger he sensed earlier at Harry and Liz's party. This also confirms that his spider-sense isn't gone, only numbed, and he hopes that it will return to normal before whatever this threat makes itself known to him. The wall-crawler's last visit takes him to the office of J. Jonah Jameson, who is busy writing a confession regarding his involvement in the creation of the Scorpion. Spider-Man tells Jonah that he is going to try and destroy the material the Hobgoblin has on him, but Jameson refuses to be blackmailed and intends to publish his confession. This angers the wall-crawler, who points out that Jameson is being a hypocrite, engaging in vigilante behavior over the years to try and stop Spider-Man. He also points out that this confession will also affect his career and he won't be able to be editor-in-chief of the Daily Bugle. Destroying Jameson's confession, Spider-Man assures him that he will stop the Hobgoblin. Jameson merely goes back to his desk and begins writing his confession over again.Back at his apartment, Peter Parker realizes that the has a means of picking up the signal from his spider-tracer. Digging through his closet he finds the old tracking device he used before he attuned the tracers to trigger his spider-sense. Looking for the device, he sees that it is in sad shape, but manages to repair it. Spider-Man tracks down the Hobgoblin's lair and engages his foe. During the ensuing battle, the Hobgoblin is quickly disarmed by Spider-Man, forcing the villain to activate the built-in defenses within his hideout. This proves to be his undoing as one of the laser cannons misses Spider-Man and sets the Osborn journals ablaze. Trying to save the journals, the Hobgoblin panics and tosses a pumpkin bomb at the bank of lasers causing a massive explosion that decemates the warehouse. Watching the blast from his office window, Jameson gives his confession to a copy boy and tells him to run it on the front page.A clash between Spider-Man and the Hobgoblin has resulted in a massive explosion within the villain's hideout. As the fire department arrives on the scene, the Hobgoblin recovers from the blast before Spider-Man. Hoping to recover the Norman Osborn's journals, the Hobgoblin discovers, that they have been utterly destroyed in the flames. As he had not made copies of the journals, the Hobgoblin fears that their secrets are now lost. Seeing Spider-Man on the ground, he begins beating the hero with a block of wood. Before he can finish the hero off, the building begins to collapse, prompting the Hobgoblin to take a more direct approach to kill his foe. Getting into his battle van, the Hobgoblin attempts to run over the wall-crawler as he makes his escape. Smashing out of the building and hitting to the streets, the Hobgoblin presumes that Spider-Man is dead, unaware that the groggy super-hero manages to latch onto the bottom of the battle van instead.Seeking to stop the Hobgoblin once and for all, Spider-Man climbs up onto the windshield of the van and begins punching. As the Hobgoblin gloats over how the window is indestructible, he is stunned to silence when the wall-crawler manages to start breaking through with the force of his blows. Trying to splatter the hero, the Hobgoblin drives his battle van through a bar. However, Spider-Man survives this attempt by flipping up to the roof of the vehicle for cover. While the villain basks in his apparent victory, Spider-Man rips his way into the battle van. At first, the Hobgoblin has the advantage over the wall-crawler, but his spider-sense begins to return. As they two battle it out, the battle van drives off a pier into the Hudson River. As the van begins filling with water, Spider-Man suggests they get out, but the Hobgoblin is determined to kill Spider-Man, even if it means his end as well. Spider-Man stuns the Hobgoblin with a powerful blow. However, the water short circuits the battle van's controls activate the self-destruct system.Spider-Man tries to pull out the Hobgoblin, but fearing that his defeat would be a disgrace to his family, the Hobgoblin fights back. Above the surface of the river, a police boat arrives on the scene just as the battle van explodes. Spider-Man rises to the surface alone and procures a flashlight from the officers. Diving back into the river, he looks for any trace of the Hobgoblin, but all he finds is the remains of the villain's mask. With the battle over, Spider-Man goes to the Daily Bugle where he tells J. Jonah Jameson that he doesn't have to worry about the Hobgoblin blackmailing him with his involvement in the creation of the Scorpion. Jameson reveals that not only did he confess this publicly on the front page of the Bugle, he has also stepped down as Editor-in-Chief. This comes as a shock to the wall-crawler, but Jameson assures him that as the Bugle's publisher, he will see that the public realize Spider-Man for the menace that he is. Their conversation is interrupted by Joe Robertson, who has come to move into Jonah's office as he has been appointed as the new Editor-in-Chief of the Bugle. Shocked, Spider-Man gives him weak congratulations to Robertson for the promotion.Hours later, Peter Parker meets with Harry Osborn to fill him in on what became of the Hobgoblin and his blackmail scheme. Harry thanks Peter for telling him everything, but this doesn't change the fact that his father, Norman Osborn, was a monster. When he asks Peter what he can do, Peter assures him that he isn't anything like Norman and he should set an example to his children by being a better father than Norman Osborn ever was. Harry thanks Peter for his advice, and departs. As soon as Harry is gone, Peter is stricken by another powerful warning from his spider-sense. Unlike the last two bombardments, Peter is now able to track their location. Changing into Spider-Man, he tracks the source to Sheep's Meadow in Central Park and is surprised to spot a massive alien structure there. Unable to resist it's pull, Spider-Man finds himself swinging into the archway of the structure and is suddenly teleported away to points unknown.This story is continued in Marvel Super Heroes Secret Wars #1...The story follows the events of Marvel Super Heroes Secret Wars #12...At the offices of the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson and Joe Robertson go over the latest edition of the newspaper, which has a cover story about the various heroes who have disappeared recently. As usual, Jameson wonders what connection these disappearances have with Spider-Man. However, Robertson -- as editor-in-chief of the Bugle -- refuses to shirk his journalistic integrity on unfounded rumour. Still, they wonder what has happened to the heroes, as they have been gone for days. At that very moment, on Sheep's Meadow in Central Park, gathering of police officers and reporters are shocked when a massive construct suddenly appears. Out leaps Spider-Man in a new black and white costume carrying Curt Connors. Spider-Man lands in front of a man with a thermos and asks for some of its contents for Connors to drink. It then sinks in that they have finally made it home, Spider-Man rejoices. The officers on the scene ask who Spider-Man is, not recognising him in his new costume. One officer refuses to believe it when the wall-crawler introduces himself and reaches for his gun. Quick thinking, Spider-Man webs up the police officer's hand before he can fire a shot. Suddenly, the Avengers emerge from the portal, much to the relief of Spider-Man, who was starting to think that he and Connors were the only ones who made it back. With the crowd questioning the Avengers, Spider-Man decides that its time for Connors and himself to leave. They swing into the nearby trees, the pair are still coming to terms with their experience on Battleworld and the idea that a being like the Beyonder exists. He reminds Connors that they should follow Reed Richard's advice and not say anything about it. They make a brief stop so Spider-Man can recover the clothing he left behind when he was first abducted. Much to his dismay, his web-sack dissolved a while ago, and to make matters worse, birds have used his clothing as a nest. He is relieved to find his wallet and keys are still there. He then absorbs the items into his new costume, which has abilities that he has yet to totally figure out. With his belongings recovered, Spider-Man then web-slings Curt Connors back to his apartment where he is happily reunited with his wife and son. Connor gives them a vague explanation as to what happened and explains that he was happy that Spider-Man was there to help him. Billy remarks that he hardly recognised Spider-Man in his new costume.With Connors dropped off, Spider-Man returns to his apartment in Chelsea and is happy to finally be home. Dropping through the bathroom skylight, the hero is still trying to make sense of everything that happened. Thinking about changing out of his costume, Spider-Man is surprised when his costume suddenly shape shifts into street clothing. Peter thinks that perhaps he should take up Reed Richards on his offer to examine the costume. Feeling his face, Peter realises that he hasn't shaved in days, and that leads him to panic since he hasn't talked to Aunt May since he first disappeared. He quickly calls his Aunt May and when she asks where he has been, he tells her that he was on a photo assignment for the Daily Bugle. Although Aunt May still insists on mothering him, she seems okay. After agreeing to come over for Sunday dinner, Peter ends the call and thinks about how much of a positive influence Nathan Lubenski has been in her life since they met. Peter then tries to call his girlfriend, Felicia Hardy, in the hopes he can straighten out their relationship, but there is no answer. Peter knows that Felicia has been hiding some kind of secret from him and learned from the Avengers and Fantastic Four that she had approached both groups seeking a means of obtaining superhuman powers. Hungry, Peter goes out to get some food, deciding to try and reach Felicia again later.Not long after Peter has left, the Black Cat arrives in Peter's apartment looking for him. She is worried that he has been gone for so long as she wants to talk to him. She is concerned that in her quest to get powers, she unwittingly got them from the Kingpin. She then leaves Peter's apartment to search for him elsewhere, wondering where he could have gone. Peter returns home with a pizza shortly after the Cat has departed and checks his mail, finding only bills. Back inside his apartment, Peter thinks about how he needs to make some fast cash. Suddenly, his costume spits out his camera. Remembering that he took photos of his time on Battleworld, Peter thinks this might be what he needs to save his money problems. Peter develops the photos, but after looking at how alien the images are, he comes to the frustrating realisation that nobody would think they were real. It's just as well, he finally concedes, since Reed Richards recommended they keep their little war a secret. Tired, Peter hangs up his costume and goes to bed. Unfortunately, he can't bring himself to sleep because he has too many thoughts in his head. Deciding to go out web-slinging, Peter is shocked when his costume melts off the chair they are draped on and travels across the the floor and melds over his body. As soon as he is web-slinging, Peter feels like his mind getting more at ease. He quickly spots a mugging in progress and swings down to stop it. Upon seeing Spider-Man the crook flees. His would be victim also flees once he gets a look of Spider-Man, and he figures that it is probably his new costume. Feeling a zest for life, Spider-Man swings across the city. When he spots two teenagers arguing, Spider-Man decides to go down and see what is the matter. He quickly learns that this they are fighting over the fact that the boy, Justin, wasn't able to get tickets to see a band that his girlfriend, Weezie, wanted to see. Spider-Man points out that their fight is pointless since they have a lot going for them.Justin disagrees since they live in the ghetto, so Spider-Man decides to show them that there is an entire world out there for them to discover. He picks up the two teens and swings up to a tall building. With the city laid out before them, Spider-Man shows them that the city has good and bad, and that the city is almost like a living creature. After dropping the kids back down on the street, they thank him for showing them the city from his vantage point. After the experience, Spider-Man swings away thinking how this city brings out the best in himself.Peter Parker has been assigned to accompany Daily Bugle sports reporter, Wendy Thorton, to cover the game between New York Mammoths and the San Francisco Skyhawks. So far, the Skyhawks are winning the game and the Mammoths' star-quarterback Ray Nesters appears to be doing more poorly than usual. As Peter tries to figure out how to work the sports camera that was lent to him by the sports editor, he is approached by Nesters' younger brother Tony, who attended classes at ESU and when Peter was a teacher's assistant. When the game ends, Wendy doesn't understand why the Mammoths lost. She takes the sports camera back and goes to the locker room for post-game interviews. Peter leaves and realizes that he is running late for dinner at Aunt May's. Slipping out of view, Peter wills his street clothing to change into his Spider-Man costume. Peter is still amazed by the ability the new costume he got from Battleworld. Still, the costume still has its mysteries, as he swings out of the football stadium he wonders where this costume generates its webbing. He reminds himself that he should have Reed Richards examine the costume as soon as possible. As he swings away, the people below don't recognize the wall-crawler on account of his new look. It reminds him of the early days when he first became Spider-Man. This gets him thinking about his failed attempt at showbiz that ultimately led to a burglar killing his Uncle Ben. Meanwhile, Ray Nesters and his brother return home, Ray tells Tony to go inside and that he is going to get a newspaper. However, he is actually meeting with two underworld enforcers named Mr. Varly and Mr. Johnson. They represent a mobster named the Rose, who has Ray on the take. They give him a bonus and instruct him to throw the game again the following week. However, Ray refuses as the playoffs being that week and he can't afford to lose any more games. When Ray tries to strong arm Mr. Johnson, Mr. Lester pulls a gun and threatens to shoot him. When Ray relents, they warn him to follow orders or he will be killed. When Ray returns to his apartment, Tony notices that his older brother seems tense, but  Ray tells the youth to mind his own business. Later that evening, Peter Parker is finishing dinner with his Aunt May and Nathan Lubenski. Left alone with his Aunt to clear the table, Peter chooses this opportunity to tell his Aunt May that he has quit school. This upsets May who thinks Peter is throwing his future away. Her upset is noticed by Nathan who demands to know what Peter had said to upset his aunt in such a way. Later, Peter goes out web-slinging as Spider-Man to get his mind off of Aunt May's reaction. Spider-Man can't help but think how nothing in his life appears to be turning out right. Particularly his relationship with the Black Cat, which appears to be going sour. He can't help but think that the Cat is keeping some secret from him. Elsewhere, Mr. Varley and Johnson report back to the Rose about Ray Nesters, and the Rose assures them not to worry about the athlete, as he will assure that he stays in line.Tuesday morning, Ray is practicing with his teammates the big game. His coach tells him that he has a feeling that this year is going to be the Mammoths year. Later, after practice, Ray returns home to find an envelop that was slid under the door of his apartment. Inside he finds a note from the Rose telling him how to throw Sunday's game along with a cash advance. He is soon called by Mr. Varley who wants to confirm Ray's cooperation. However, Nesters refuses to reply, which the Rose deeply regrets as he did not want to have to resort to violence. On Thursday, Peter Parker is waiting to meet Joe Robertson at the Daily Bugle. He is lost in thought, thinking that perhaps his Aunt May was correct. Going in to see Joe, he is told that his sports photos were not good, and how Peter's work has been slipping lately. Robertson warns Peter to shape up, reminding him that he is not the only freelance photographer that works for the Bugle. When Peter leaves, he asks Joe's secretary, Betty Leeds, why Joe is being such a hard case. Betty points out that he is running a tight ship as the new editor-in-chief of the Bugle since taking over the position from J. Jonah Jameson. They are joined by Wendy Thornton who has arranged an interview with Ray Nesters with Tony. Since she made the connection with Tony thanks to Peter, she offers him to come along and snap photos. She then calls to confirm the appointment with Tony, who lets her go to answer someone knocking at the door. Meanwhile, Ray is returning home from another practice. He is thinking about where things went wrong in his life. However, the fame of being a pro athlete led to becoming indebted to the Rose and going on the take. When he returns home, he finds a note from the Rose telling him that they have kidnapped Tony and that they need to talk. He rushes out of his apartment to go find the Rose, bumping into Peter Parker and Wendy Thornton on the way out. When Wendy wonders what's wrong, Peter shows her the state of Ray's apartment. As the sports reporter wonders what happened, she doesn't see Peter slip away. Changing into Spider-Man, the wall-crawler follows after Nester's car and follows him to a nearby warehouse. Ray slams through one of the garage doors, crashing into the Rose's goons. He struggles one of the goons and gets a gun from him, and demands the Rose to let his brother free. The Rose appears and brings out Tony, distracting Ray enough for the mobster's minions to jump him. After setting up his automatic camera, Spider-Man leaps through the window and makes short work of the Rose's men. While the wall-crawler is busy, Ray goes to rescue his brother. Tony demands to know if Ray has been intentionally throwing games, furious with his brother when he deduces the truth.While everyone is distracted, the Rose takes the opportunity to flee the scene. Spider-Man spots this and tries to go after the Rose. When the villain tosses a gas bomb at the wall-crawler, it has no effect as his new costume filters out the gas. When the Rose tries to flee, Ray attempts to stop him, but the criminal easily overpowers him and sends some massive wooden crates toppling down on him to cover his escape. Spider-Man manages to swing down in time to shield Ray with his body, but the Rose manages to escape. In the aftermath of the battle, Tony fears that the Rose will not leave his brother alone now. However, Ray realizes that there is only one way to handle this. Ray then gives a full confession to the Daily Bugle putting an end to his career. Reading the article later, Peter Parker congratulates Wendy on the scoop. However, Wendy wonders why someone with such a promising career would throw their life away like Ray Nesters did. This gives Peter some hard thinking to make of his own.Who's the villain Spidey's been chasing for the past year? Who embodies mystery and evil? Who's behind the exploding pumpkin? While you're guessing that - we'll let you know about Peter's other battle - with none other than his ever-lovin' Aunt May!The infamous cat burglar known as the Black Fox has broken into a luxury apartment in the hopes of stealing enough loot to finance his retirement. As he grabs what appears to be an expensive vase, it transforms into Igor, of the Red Ghost's Super-Apes. The burglar attempts to fight off the ape with a flash-bang, but is quickly subdued by Peotor and Miklho. The burglar looks on as the ape's master, the Red Ghost, rises through the floor. Shocked by what he is witnessing, the Black Fox can only scream in terror.Meanwhile, at his Chelsea apartment, Peter Parker is washing his new costume. He remarks about his recent adventure with Captain Marvel and Starfox, and how it was the second time in as many months that he has been away from the planet Earth. After he has finished washing his costume, Peter decides to fix himself something to eat. He begins preparing to make a sandwich but decides against it when he sees that his bread is covered with mold. Sighing, he resigns to call it a night, but can't help but think about his recent battle with Jack O'Lantern, and the disappearance of the Hobgoblin's battlewagon. Climbing into bed, Peter falls asleep instantly. No sooner is he asleep, than his costume descends from the clothesline he hung it on and creepily oozes across the floor toward him.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Red Ghost shows the Cosmicizer to the Black Fox. 		 	  At that moment in the luxury apartment, the Black Fox has regained his composure. The Red Ghost has just finished introducing himself and has poured the Fox a drink. He explains that he has been hiding out in this apartment until he can complete his Cosmicizer, a device that will enable him to increase his cosmic powers a thousandfold. Unfortunately, he has run out of money and is to afraid to leave the apartment lest his foes discover and recapture him. Instead, he has decided to have the Black Fox steal the needed component for him, threatening to kill the thief if he refuses.The following morning, Peter Paker is rudely awakened by his landlady, Mrs. Muggins, who tells him that he is late with his rent again. He realizes that it is 7 pm in the evening, and he had slept the entire day away. He assures her that he will be getting a big payment from the Daily Bugle shortly and will get the money to her as soon as possible after. Since it is too late to make a visit, Peter decides to try and call his Aunt May to smooth things over. However, Nathan Lubenski answers the phone and scolds Peter for having the nerve to call. Before he can explain why he was late to dinner the night before, Nathan hangs up. With nothing else to do, Peter decides to go out web-slinging to try and clear his head.As he swings across the city, Peter notices how exhausted he is and wonders why, since he slept most of the day. He also wonders what the Black Cat has been up to, as he hasn't seen her since their recent battle against the Blob. He also feels bad that he has been getting her to take pictures for him to sell to the Bugle, especially since he is being praised for her superior camera work. After limbering up, Spider-Man decides to continue his search for the Hobgoblin's battle van.Some blocks away, the Black Fox begins his search for a place to rob to earn enough money for the Red Ghost. The Red Ghost has sent his Super-Apes along with him, to ensure he doesn't try to escape. Spotting a jewelry store, the Fox attempts to break in, but he is pushed aside by Miklho who rips the security door off the building, setting off the alarms. The police arrive on the scene, just as they enter the vault. To keep the police busy, The Black Fox sends Peotor out, directing him to use his magnetic abilities to keep the officers at bay. With the loot in hand, the Black Fox decides to use this opportunity to make his escape. He blinds the apes with another flash bomb and makes a run for it. The commotion attracts the attention of Spider-Man who decides to investigate what is going on. The Super-Apes catch up to the Black Fox, but before they can harm him they are intercepted by Spider-Man. Our hero quickly frightens the Super-Apes away, and while he is distracted, the Black Fox attempts to make good his escape. Spider-Man manages to catch up to him, and the Black Fox is forced to explain everything. After hearing the Black Fox's explanation, Spider-Man swings off to find the Red Ghost, leaving the Black Fox behind. Seeing that the jewels were long forgotten, the cat burglar recovers them and rejoices that he can finally retire.Meanwhile, the Super-Apes return to their home where they are scolded by the Red Ghost. Suddenly Spider-Man arrives. The masked hero has the upper hand against the Super-Apes and tricks them into destroying the cosmicizer, much to the Red Ghost's frustration. When the police arrive at the scene, the Super-Apes keep them and Spider-Man at bay long enough for their leader to escape. With the battle over, Spider-Man laments over the Red Ghost's escape, wondering what else could possibly go wrong. At that very moment, across town in a warehouse, the unknown individual responsible for recovering the Hobgoblin's battle wagon, discovers Spider-Man's spider-tracer on the vehicle and crushes it in his hand. As the issue ends, he vows that when they next meet, he will destroy the cursed wall-crawler once and for all.Spider-Man and the Black Cat break up a warehouse robbery in progress. While Spider-Man deals with the thugs, the Black Cat takes photos from the rafters so Peter Parker can sell the pictures to the Daily Bugle later. As she snaps the photos, she knows that this is helping Spider-Man out, but she wishes he wouldn't get to have all the fun. Although Spider-Man is able to hold his own against the crooks, the Cat notices that some of them are getting ready to surround her lover and leaps down to his aid. When the crooks try to attack her, the Black Cat's bad luck powers kick in to trip them up. When one of the thugs tries to shoot her, his gun misfires, exploding in his hand. Unaware that the Cat has these powers, Spider-Man wishes that the Cat would be more careful. After webbing up the crooks, the pair retreat to the rooftops. There Spider-Man warns her about taking unnecessary risks without and powers, but the Cat assures him that she can take care of herself. After assuring him, Spider-Man decides to go home and develop his photos and kisses her goodbye. Watching her lover go, the Cat wonders how she can tell Spider-Man about her new powers without worrying him over the fact that they were given to her by the Kingpin.Soon, Spider-Man returns to his apartment in Chelsea and wills his costume to uncover his face and hands so he can develop his photos. Peter is exhausted but still develops the photos, remarking how great Felicia's photos are and thinks that he should start taking some photography lessons. As he stores some of his photos in his closet, he accidentally dumps his file box on the floor. As he rushes to pick them up, he finds his original Spider-Man costume, which he has nearly forgotten since getting his new costume from Battleworld. He reminisces about how much his old costume was a symbol and decides that his new costume is reflective of the changes he has gone through. Peter then wills his news costume onto a nearby chair and retires for the evening. However, as Peter Parker falls asleep, the costume slinks across the floor and attaches itself to his master again. Sometime later, two homeless men are arguing over who gets to sleep in a massive refrigerator box, they are frightened into sharing it when they spot Spider-Man swinging across the city.The next morning, the Rose is informed about the warehouse raid by his minions Varley and Jonhston. The Rose is disappointed about Spider-Man's interference and tells his minions that the meddling wall-crawler must be eliminated, and he knows just who to hire to get the job. At that moment, in Hartsdale, New Mexico, at the offices of Fireheart Enterprises, Congressman Crespi is told that Thomas Fireheart is unavailable by his secretary Jenna Taylor. At the same time, she notices that her boss is getting a call on his private line and sends it to voice mail. On the other end of the line, the Rose leaves a simple message for Fireheart: He needs him. Hearing this message, Jenna transfers it to a helicopter in the middle of the desert. There, the feral warrior known as the Puma fights a bunch of mountain lions. After defeating the creatures, the Puma goes to the helicopter and goes to check his message. With his training session over, the Puma goes into a meditative state until he reverts back to his human identity, Thomas Fireheart. He finds the transformations are getting easier, and makes a note to tell them with his uncle during their next tribal meeting. Changing into a business suit, Thomas then heads back to the office.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Mary Jane Watson at the Daily Bugle talking to Peter Parker and Betty Brant. 		 	 
Later, at the office of the Daily Bugle in New York, Peter Parker turns over his photos to Joe Robertson. Joe is impressed with the improvement of the quality and sends him out to Betty Leeds to get a voucher for his photos. Betty notices that not only has Peter been tired of late, but also edgy. He tells her that he is just upset that his Aunt May is not talking to him after he told her that he dropped out of grad school. Their conversation is interrupted by the unexpected arrival of Mary Jane Watson. She has come to have dinner with Betty to celebrate the fact that she got steady modeling work in New York City. She invites Peter to join them, but he tells Mary Jane that he has things to do. Mary Jane notices that there is something wrong with Peter, and Betty agrees to tell Mary Jane about them over dinner. While this is transpiring, Thomas Fireheart arrives in New York and has a meeting with the Rose at his penthouse. Fireheart accepts the Rose's job to eliminate Spider-Man, looking forward to testing his powers against one of New York City's famous superheroes. The Rose's henchmen leave Thomas in a room to prepare for his mission. When they go back to check on him, they find the room empty and the window wide open.Thomas Fireheart has transformed into the Puma has begun his mission. As he traverses across the rooftops he thinks about how his uncle would have a fit if he knew their tribal champion used his abilities as an assassin-for-hire. Going to the location of Spider-Man's recent appearance, the Puma gets the costumed heroe's scent. This is all the Puma needs in order to track someone. He goes into a state of meditation so he can track Spider-Man's scent across the city. He is able to zero in on the hero and follows after him. He secretly spies upon the wall-crawler, who is slinging across the city, trying to find trace of the Hobgoblin's battlewagon. Spider-Man is too focused on his worries over his Aunt May. The Puma takes this moment to test Spider-Man's reflexive abilities by throwing a rooftop ventilation pipe at the hero. Spider-Man just barely dodges the projectile thanks to his spider-sense. The wall-crawler quickly grabs onto the side of a building. However, the momentum of his fall prevents his wall-clining abilitiy from getting a strong hold and his slide down the wall wrenches his shoulder out of his socket. Realizing he is under attack, Spider-Man quickly forces his shoulder back into its socket. While the wall-crawler is writhing in pain, the Puma leaps down to eliminate his target.Spider-Man is writhing in pain after dislocating his shoulder, leaving him vulnerable to attack from the Puma, who has been hired by the Rose to kill the wall-crawler. Just as Puma is ready to strike the final blow, the Black Cat swings in and kicks Puma away from Spider-Man. Puma regains his balance and a battle with the Black Cat ensues. Using his heightened senses, Puma sees there is a special aura around the Black Cat. Even though he is unsure what level of danger it poses he opts to engage her nonetheless. Puma is unable to even touch the Black Cat because of her special powers. As he leaps to strike her, he falls through the rooftop they are fighting on. As the Black Cat is looking down the hole Puma fell through, Spider-Man awakens and he and the Black Cat head for Peter Parker’s apartment. Meanwhile, Puma follows them but decides to rest before engaging them again. He leaves because he already has both of their scents and knows that he can always track them down when he wants.The scene shifts to another location in which we see the Kingpin being informed by the Arranger that the Rose has hired an assassin to kill Spider-Man. Kingpin instructs the Arranger to set up a meeting with the Rose. As this is going on, we are taken away to the hotel room of Thomas Fireheart (aka Puma) where he receives a phone call from his secretary, Jenna Taylor, informing him that the City Council in Heartsdale, New Mexico has approved the building of three of his four proposed shopping malls. We are whisked off to the Arranger informing the Rose that the Kingpin wants to have a meeting. Back to the hotel room of Thomas Fireheart, where he is making his transformation into Puma. After transforming he sets out to locate Spider-Man.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Spider-man fights Puma. 		 	  We are taken to Peter Parker’s apartment, where the Black Cat is giving Peter a recap of her fight with Puma. Peter comments on the fact that she still has not explained how she beat him. The Black Cat is still keeping the powers that the Kingpin gave her secret, so she avoids answering and leaves. Puma is waiting outside Peter’s apartment and sees the Black Cat’s departure as the perfect opportunity to engage Spider-Man. There is a knock at Peter’s door and it is Mary Jane. She is excited because she has found steady modeling work and wants to celebrate with Peter. Peter’s Spidey senses are warning him of danger and he tries to get Mary Jane to leave, but she refuses. Peter throws her out of his apartment just as Puma smashes through the window. Peter’s new costume (the black one from the alien planet) leaps across the room and covers him. Puma attacks him and cuts his back, but the costume quickly covers up the wound. Outside his apartment, Mary Jane is frantically banging on the door. Puma and Spider-Man crash through the window just as Mary Jane smashed through the door.At that moment in another part of the city, the meeting between Kingpin and the Rose is taking place. Kingpin lets the Rose know that it is not his choice to have Spider-Man killed at this time. The Rose gives his assurance that the Kingpin’s wish is understood. We shift back to the battle between Puma and Spider-Man. They have moved the battle to a rooftop. As they are fighting Spider-Man tries to reason with Puma, to no avail. Puma lunges at Spider-Man and they both fall over the side. Spider-Man uses his webbing to stop their fall and they end up crashing through a window into a gym. Puma picks up a universal gym and throws it at Spider-Man. Spider-Man leaps to the side and is missed. However, with the weight and force that Puma threw it with, it slams through the wall. Spider-Man stops it from crashing down on the people below. As he stops the universal gym, the weight of it pulls him down with great force, in which he slams onto the top of a bus. Seeing that Spider-Man is weakened, Puma chooses not to kill him, as it would be unworthy of him to slay an opponent that was not at full strength. He leaves and heads back to his hotel room.

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Mary Jane Watson tells Peter Parker that she long ago knew he is Spider-man. 		 	 Back at the hotel room of Thomas Fireheart, Mr. Johnston and Mr. Varley show up to inform him that his services are no longer needed and he will be compensated accordingly.  Mr. Johnston and Mr. Varley return to the headquarters of the Rose and fill him in on how Fireheart took the news.  As this is going on the Hobgoblin (Roderick Kingsley) shows up and introduces himself.  The scene shifts over to Peter Parker’s apartment where Mary Jane is waiting for his return.  When he returns he tries to explain what all the noise was inside his apartment. She stops and him and tells him he doesn't have to lie anymore because she knows he is Spider-Man.  She tells him that she has known for years and Peter is shocked.As our story begins, Mary Jane Watson confronts Peter shortly after his return home from battling the Puma. She reveals to him that she has known that he was Spider-Man for years - which comes as a complete shock to him. Peter tries to convince Mary Jane to stay, but she fears that all he is going to do is lie to her again. She confides that while she cares for him, she just can't deal with the fact that he is a superhero, and that is the main reason why she left New York to begin with. As Peter scrambles to try and get Mary Jane to stay, the Black Cat comes leaping into his apartment through the window. This blows away any chance Peter had of keeping his secret identity. Seeing the Black Cat in his apartment and realizing she knows his secret as well, Mary Jane leaves in tears. Peter calls after her to come back, but the Black Cat tells him not to worry about this other woman, as he doesn't need a "bimbo" like her.Peter snaps at the Black Cat for entering his apartment in such a reckless fashion, jeopardizing his secret identity. The Black Cat isn't interested in dealing with her lover's emotional outburst and begins to leave. Peter doesn't want her to go and is surprised when his costume, currently in street-clothing form, shoots webbing at her.While he tries to make sense of this, the Black Cat embraces him, realizing that he does care about her. As she hugs him, Peter is more concerned about his costume, and how little he knows about it.Meanwhile in Heartsdale, New Mexico, Thomas Fireheart returns to his office at Fireheart Enterprises, where he asks his secretary, Jenna Taylor to assemble a dossier on Spider-Man, so that he can prepare for his final conflict with him. Back in New York, Peter boards up the window that was broken previously during his battle with the Puma. He decides to try and call Mary Jane, but she doesn't answer. She is busy packing up her things, but when she comes across a photo of her sister and her kids. Mary Jane realizes that she is running from Peter, the same way she ran away from her sister. She wonders why she runs away from all the people she cares for. Giving up on reaching Mary Jane, Peter wills the costume off his body and sits down. He thinks about everything that has been going on in his life and wonders how things began spiraling out of control. Peter relaxes in a chair, and no sooner is he asleep, than his costume crosses the room, bonds to him and takes the still unconscious wall-crawler out web-slinging. As he, Peter has a nightmare where he is a teenaged version of himself being stalked by his black costume. In the dreamscape, he is rescued by his original red and blue costume. As the two costumes fight over each other, Peter tries to flee but the two garments go after him. As they fight over Peter, he wakes up screaming. Peter finds himself back in bed, unaware that his costume took him out while he was asleep. Disturbed by his dream, Peter decides to finally take his new costume to be examined by Reed Richards of the Fantastic Four.Later that day, Spider-Man pays a visit to the Baxter Building where he is granted access by the security systems. There he finds the Human Torch and Mister Fantastic in the lab. He tells them that he has come to take Reed up to his offer to examine his new costume. Spider-Man then undergoes a battery of tests to determine how the costume can shoot webs, meld itself over his body, and camoflage itself as normal clothing. While this is going on, the villainous Rose is entertaining the Hobgoblin at his penthouse. However, before he listens to the Hobgoblin's proposal, he is determined to prove if this is really the Hobgoblin, as he had heard that he had been killed. Guards, summoned by The Rose, attack the Hobgoblin, who takes them all down within a few seconds. Convinced that he is dealing with the genuine article, the Rose listens to the Hobgoblin's proposal, that they their pool their resources together to in order to rival the Kingpin. To start their campaign, they will destroy Spider-Man once and for all. Back at the Baxter Building, Spider-Man and the Human Torch reminisce over their experiences on Battleworld, while they wait for Reed to finish his examination of the costume. Mister Fantastic soon enters and tells Spider-Man the shocking truth about his costume: It's a living symbiotic creature that is attempting to bond to him permenantly.Panicked, Spider-man tries to remove the costume, but it fights back. Having determined that the costume is sensitive to loud noise, Mister Fantastic uses a sonic blaster to force the costume off Spider-Man. The Human Torch then contains the creature in a circle of flame to hold it in place, and Mister Fantastic traps it in a containment device. With his costume removed, Peter covers his face, reminding the two members of the Fantastic Four that he has a secret identity to maintain. The Torch has a solution to the problem and gets Spider-Man one of his old Fantastic Four costumes and a paperbag to wear over his face as a crude mask. Despite being embarassed by this new ensemble, Spider-Man grudgingly accepts it for the time being, since he has to wear something. Reed asks Spider-Man if he can keep the alien costume to examine it further. The wall-crawler tells Reed that he can keep it, as he never wants to see it again. After the Human Torch drops Spider-Man outside of the Baxter Building, the wall-crawler makes his trek back home. However, along the way, he happens upon a liquor store robbery that has been interrupted by the police. Spider-Man swings in and easily trounces the crooks. With the battle is over, Spider-Man is swarmed by reporters who want to know who he is. Embarassed and overwhealmed, the wall-crawler quickly escapes.In the aftermath of this experience, Peter laments over how humbled he has been made recently and wonders what to do about Mary Jane and the Black Cat. Suddenly, it begins to snow, which is the final straw in what in what has turned out to be a horrible day for Spider-Man.Once back home, Peter Parker watches the news coverage of his embarassing outing as the "Unknown Superhero". Trying to figure out what to do without his new costume, Peter pulls out his web-shooters out of storage and contemplates wearing his old red and blue costume again, when suddenly there is a knock at the door.It's Mary Jane who has come to talk to Peter, having grown tired of running away from her problems. She has decided that since she knows Peter's biggest secret it is only fair to tell him her own. Meanwhile, back at the Baxter Building, Spider-Man's alien costume seething with hatred and a desire for revenge. Although it is being held in Reed's lab, it is trying to escape from the containment unit that it is being held.After revealing that she has known that Peter Parker has been Spider-Man for years, Mary Jane Watson takes Peter to Central Park so he can tell her about her own deep secret. Peter considers trying to convince her that she is wrong, worrying about if he can trust her with his biggest secret, particularly because she acts so flakey. Mary Jane reads Peter like a book and assures him that she can trust him, that the happy-go-lucky girl she has portrayed for years was an act. They stop at a lake where she admits that she has had a habit of running away from responsibility, something she learned from her parents. She then begins to tell Peter about her family life.Mary Jane's mother, Madeline, met her father Philip while they were in college. Her father was studying literature, while her mother was in drama. After they graduated, Madeline wanted to go to New York to pursue an acting career. Philip had other ideas, they were soon married and eight months later, Mary Jane's sister Gayle was born. Mary Jane was born four years later. While Madeline raised the kids, Philip worked as a college professor while he tried to write a novel that would make them rich. However, with each failure, Philip became angrier and took out that anger out on his wife. Philip moved them from town to town, and while Mary Jane became a class clown, her sister focused on ballet. Things took another turn on the night that Philip struck Gayle. This was the final straw for Madeline, who took her two daughters and left her abusive husband. Mary Jane dealt with this by adopting her happy-go-lucky attitude. They moved from relative to relative. Most didn't care for Madeline or her children, however, Mary Jane took a liking to her Aunt Anna. Anna was the person who first introduced Mary Jane to May Parker. Mary Jane finishes her recollection by reminding Peter of how their aunts first tried to set them both up. Peter and Mary Jane continue their walk, and Peter admits that he intentionally avoided Mary Jane, and regrets not meeting her sooner.Elsewhere, at a secret gambling den hidden within a rail car, the illegal casino is smashed by the Hobgoblin. The villain demands that the owner give him 10% of the revenue the illegal casino generates. However, the owner already gives part of the take to the Kingpin and questions why he should give money to the Hobgoblin as well. The masked villain tells the man to consider it, lest the Hobgoblin returns, driving his clientele away.While back in Central Park, Mary Jane continues to tell Peter about her troubled childhood. She explains that her father moved to Oregon not long after her mother left him. She attempted to keep in contact, but he never responded to her letters, so she eventually stopped. Meanwhile, Mary Jane's mother finally found them some semblance of stability by moving in with her cousin Frank Brown. However, Frank expected Madeline to slave over him and his three unruly children. By this time Gayle started attending high school where she met and fell in love with football star Timmy Byrnes. During this period, Gayle continued to focus on her dancing, while Mary Jane took up an interest in acting. Things got heated when Gayle and Timmy announced that they were planning on getting married after graduating from high school. Madeline protested this, warning Gayle that she was throwing her future away, but they were married anyway. Timmy went off to learn pre-law in college while Gayle worked to support them. Soon, Mary Jane and her mother were invited to visit her sister. When they arrived they discovered that Gayle had just given birth to a son. While this was a momentous occasion, Mary Jane couldn't help but notice that Timmy look as though he felt trapped in the relationship. Peter interjects, telling her that Timmy loved her sister. Mary Jane explains that Timmy couldn't even finish college, and expresses her opinion that love was good for nothing. Meanwhile, not far away, inside a confectionary store, a backroom sports betting room is crashed by the Hobgoblin. Like the illegal casino earlier, the masked villain demands that they pay him 10% of their take. The men inside try to overpower the Hobgoblin, but he is too powerful for them. He leaves, warning the owner of the gambling operation that if he doesn't pay up, he will die.After taking a break to collect her thoughts, Mary Jane continues her story. She tells Peter how while she was busy with high school, her sister's marriage disintegrated. Timmy couldn't handle the pressures of being a father. Gayle stood strong and soon announced that she was pregnant again. When Madeline and Mary Jane went down for a surprise visit they discovered that Timmy left her, as he couldn't handle supporting a family. Her mother invited Gayle back to cousin Frank's place to stay with them. However, her health continued to deteriorate and Madeline Watson soon died. After the funeral, Gayle tried to console her sister, telling Mary Jane that they can make it together, raising her children on their own. However, Mary Jane would have none of it. She points out how both her mother and Gayle gave up their dreams and Mary Jane would not let herself fall into the same trap. She ran away from her sister and never looked back. With her story over, Mary Jane tells Peter that she attempted to keep in touch with her sister, but Gayle never forgave her from walking out on her during her time of need. This causes Peter to think about the rift he currently has with his Aunt May and hopes that he can sort things out with her before it is too late.Mary Jane thanks Peter for listening to her pour her heart out, remarking how great a listener he is. Mary Jane realizes that she still cares about Peter and has resisted the urge of running away from him as well. She makes a point to stress that she cares about him, but doesn't want a romantic relationship. This is fine with Peter and looks forward to their newly open and honest friendship. Meanwhile, at the Baxter Building, the She-Hulk has finished carrying equipment into Mister Fantastic's lab. There, Reed's preoccupied with the alien costume that he has contained since Spider-Man brought it to him for examination. He explains how the costume is alive and he has been attempting to communicate with it, to no avail. She-Hulk finds the idea of the creature being capable of feeling emotions like love and hate absurd. As they walk away, the costume continues its attempts to break free from its confinement. Across town, the Hobgoblin returns to the penthouse of the Rose to report back on his progress. When the Rose reminds the Hobgoblin that he agreed to help take down the Kingpin, the Hobgoblin promises that he will. However, he wants to deal with a vendetta of his own by going after Harry Osborn and his wife Liz. A few hours later, Peter Parker returns home to his apartment after his outting with Mary Jane. He realizes that he still has feelings for her, but decides against following them since he is currently in a relationship with the Black Cat. Inside, Peter turns on the news and watches a report about the Hobgoblin's recent activities. This comes as a shock to Peter, because he assumed that the Hobgoblin was dead after their last battle. Deciding to bring the villain to justice, Peter goes into his closet and pulls out his web-shooters, signal belt, and lastly his original red and blue costume. Putting on these familiar trappings, Spider-Man is ready to go out and take down the Hobgoblin once and for all.May Parker looks out of the window of her home morosely. He thoughts are interrupted by one of her tenants, Arthur Chekov who has brought her some tea. Arthur has noticed that May is still upset with her nephew Peter and suggests that she call him. However, May stubbornly refuses to do so, telling Arthur that he doesn't understand. She tells him that Peter devoted his entire life to science and now he has quit. Chekov points out that perhaps she is being unfair and should hear Peter's side of the story, believing that he is a gentle young man who couldn't bring himself to intentionally hurt somebody.At that very moment, Spider-Man has shown up at one of the illegal gambling operations that were recently visited by the Hobgoblin. During the ensuing battle, one of the wall-crawler's web-shooters backfires, covering his hand in webbing. This catches Spider-Man off guard, but he easily trounces the thugs. He prevents the bookie from escaping and learns that the Hobgoblin came to force them to turn over 10% of their profits to him. Unfortunately, Spider-Man learns that the Hobgoblin doesn't collect the money himself, but has minions under the employ of the Rose to get the money. As Spider-Man swings away, he thinks about how his web-shooter backfired on him and realizes that he hadn't kept up with their maintenance since he returned from Battleworld with his alien costume. Since he turned that costume over to Reed Richards to examination he has had to wear his original costume and equipment without testing out if it works. Spider-Man has also had other concerns on his mind lately. Namely, the turbulence in his relationship with the Black Cat, his need to make peace with Aunt May, and how to deal with the fact that Mary Jane Watson revealed that she knows that Peter Parker is really Spider-Man. His mind then turns to the Hobgoblin, and he worries that the villain teaming up to the Rose will only make things worse. Spider-Man recalls how the Hobgoblin used Norman Osborn's Goblin Formula. Although he destroyed Norman Osborn's journals, Spider-Man feels he will be responsible should the Hobgoblin seriously hurts someone.Meanwhile, the Hobgoblin reports back to the Rose, informing him that everything is going according to plan. The Rose then allows the Hobgoblin to go off on his personal mission. Once the villain is gone, the Rose's men ask him if they can trust the Hobgoblin. The Rose is unconcerned, as soon he will acquire enough power to eliminate the Hobgoblin as soon as he has no purpose. Elsewhere, Mary Jane Watson is running late for a meeting with Liz and Harry Osborn. When she catches up with them, she remarks at how much Liz's pregnancy is now showing. Unaware that they are being watched by someone, Harry tells the two women that he can't join them for lunch as he has work back at the office to complete. As Mary Jane and Liz enter the restaurant, the two men watching them from afar bide their time to act. While at the Baxter Building, Franklin Richard's accidentally bounces his toy ball into his father's lab. When Franklin recovers the ball, he makes eye contact with the alien costume that Spider-Man brought back from Battleworld. The creature hypnotises the young Richards child, but senses that the boy is teeming with potentially uncontrollable power. Before the symbiote can do anything, Franklin is found by his mother, the Invisible Woman. Unaware of the potential danger, she leads her son out of the lab as they are due at their home in Belle Porte. At that moment, Harry Osborn returns to the Osborn Manufacturing building. He frets about keeping his father's business afloat, but fears that he can't handle the responsibility. In his office, Harry worries that someone is trying to take over the company. As he is lost in thought, he doesn't see the Hobgoblin flying toward his office window. Smashing through the window, the Hobgoblin demands that Harry turn over the last of his father's journals. However, before he can get anything about Harry, Spider-Man arrives on the scene. Realizing that Harry is frozen with fear, Spider-Man then takes their fight elsewhere. As the two fight across the building, Spider-Man shouts at the Osborn employees to get out while they can. While at the Daily Bugle, Betty Leeds tries to call her husband Ned, but can't reach him. That's when Ann MacIntosh comes to gossip with her about how J. Jonah Jameson is already back from his honeymoon. Jameson overhears this and tells MacIntosh to return to work. Joe Robertson asks Betty if she was able to get ahold of a photographer for assignment, but she hasn't been able to reach either Peter Parker or Lance Bannon.While back at the Osborn Manufacturing Building, the battle between Spider-Man and the Hobgoblin rages on. The two tumble into the women's washroom where the Hobgoblin attempts to blow the hero up with a pumpkin bomb. Spider-Man quickly webs the bomb to the Hobgoblin's hand. The villain quickly douses the bomb by dunking his webbed up hand into a nearby toilet. With his fighting ability compromised, the Hobgoblin attempts to flee the scene on his goblin glider, however the wall-crawler manages to hitch a ride with a webline. The Hobgoblin tries to shake off the wall-crawler. He finally succeeds when he slams Spider-Man into the side of a subway train. Believing that Spider-Man is dead, the Hobgoblin heads off to pressure Harry Osborn into giving over his fathers journals. At that moment, Mary Jane and Liz have finished their lunch date when they are suddenly the men who have been watching them get out of their car and tries to grab them. Harry arrives and tries to shop them, but is shoved aside while the two thugs escape with his wife and friend. Harry is furious that someone would threaten his wife and unborn child and vows that if any harm comes to them they will feel the wrath of the son of the Green Goblin.At that very moment, Spider-Man crawls onto the roof of the subway car, having survived his clash with the Hobgoblin. He worries about the Hobgoblin's harassment of Harry, as it could lead to his remembering the fact that his father, Norman Osborn, was the Green Goblin and that Harry himself also briefly adopted the identity and knows Spider-Man's secret identity.Mary Jane Watson and Liz Osborn have been captured by the Hobgoblin and are now his prisoner in one of the Rose's warehouses. When the women ask why they have been kidnapped, the Hobgoblin explains that he is holding them in order to force Harry Osborn to turn over any remaining journals written by his father Norman, the original Green Goblin. He warns them not to try anything as they are expendable. When the Hobgoblin calls Mary Jane by name, she wonders how the villain knows who she is. After locking up the women, he rejoins the Rose who is waiting outside. The Hobgoblin explains that he has to make his threats otherwise the Osborns won't give him what he wants. The Rose is concerned about how pregnant Liz Osborn is, fearing that she could go into labor at any moment. This is why they also captured Mary Jane, in the hopes she can help should that happen. The Rose is also happy to see that the Hobgoblin is using the office space to store some of his equipment so he doesn't have to go back to his own secret hideout should he need anything. The Rose continues to assure the Hobgoblin that they need to work together and wishes him the best with this Osborn business. The Hobgoblin is still confident that things will work out in his favor, believing that Harry Osborn will not gamble the safety of his wife and unborn child.Elsewhere, Harry Osborn tears through his personal storage in the hopes of finding any of his father's journals. When he finds nothing, he curses his father for his career as the Green Goblin. He figures that there are no journals left and figures they were all in the possession of the Hobgoblin when Spider-Man destroyed them. That's when Harry notices one of his father's old desks. Searching it, he finds a secret compartment which contains a diary. Looking through the book, he discovers that it is a master list of all of the secret storage rooms that Norman used as the Green Goblin. Harry leaves, determined to face the Hobgoblin alone because he can't think of anyone who could help him right now. As he drives away from the storage facility, Harry is unaware that Spider-Man has tagged his vehicle with a spider-tracer. Spider-Man follows after Harry. Along the way, he feels sorry for Harry, as his father's legacy continues to haunt him, even long after the death of his father.Meanwhile, at the Baxter Building, a flying device infiltrates the building and flies into the laboratory of Reed Richards. It locates the containment unit that is holding Spider-Man's alien costume and blasts a small hole in the unit. This allows the alien costume to escape. As it scales down the wall of the Baxter Building, it is seething with feelings of anger and hatred and seeks to get revenge against Spider-Man for abandoning it.At that moment in Central Park, Harry Osborn waits for the Hobgoblin to show up so he can exchange his father's diary for his wife and Mary Jane. When the Hobgoblin arrives he demands that Harry turn over the diary. However, Harry refuses to do so until Liz and Mary Jane are set free. Instead of bargaining, the Hobgoblin attacks Harry, knocking him out. Confirming that the journal is authentic, the Hobgoblin flies away with both the book and Harry. The masked villain is unaware that Spider-Man has been watching from the trees and is now following the Hobgoblin back to his hideout. Soon, Harry is tossed into the room where Liz and Mary Jane have been held, prisoner. When Harry tells them what happened, Mary Jane asks if Peter Parker knows what's going on. Harry explains that he doesn't, asking her why he would get Peter involved in this situation, unaware that Peter is actually Spider-Man. The Rose congratulates the Hobgoblin for completing his mission and then tells his partner that they need to go over their current operations and reigning in more gambling dens into their criminal empire.Meanwhile, outside, Spider-Man arrives at the Rose's warehouse and begins taking out the guards on the grounds. Inside, Harry reveals that he has a gun strapped to his leg. They then get the attention the guard and Harry threatens to shoot him if he doesn't let them go. The thug calls Harry's bluff and Harry can't bring himself to pull the trigger. However, while everyone is focused on Harry, Mary Jane manages to sneak up behind the guard and hit him over the head with a shovel, knocking him out. As the trio make their escape, one of the other men calls out the alarm. Harry begins shooting at him, alerting the Rose and the Hobgoblin of the escape attempt. Also hearing the shots from outside, Spider-Man rips his way through the main entrance. Before the Hobgoblin can harm the Osborns and Mary Jane, Spider-Man leaps in to their rescue. While Spider-Man is busy with the Hobgoblin, the others try to escape. Instead of finding the exit, they enter the Hobgoblin's office. Seeing all the goblin equipment in the room, Harry realizes what he must do and tells Liz and Mary Jane to run for it.At that moment, Spider-Man and the Hobgoblin's battle starts a fire in the warehouse. The Hobgoblin rushes back to his office to recover the last Osborn journal. However, Harry is waiting for him and attacks the Hobgoblin with his own weapons. As the two fight it out, the fire spreads out of control. Mary Jane and Liz try to find their way out, but they end up surrounded by flames. To make matters worse, Liz begins going into labor, leaving Mary Jane to wonder where Peter is. Spider-Man revives and hears Liz screaming, and runs to their aid. However, when he learns that Harry is fighting the Hobgoblin alone, he tells the women to hang tight while he saves Harry. Spider-Man arrives just in time to save Harry. While the wall-crawler lays into his foe, Harry rushes out and tries to save the women from the flames, but they are soon trapped. Hearing Harry calling for help, Spider-Man is forced to let the Hobgoblin escape so he can save his friends. Before leaving, the Hobgoblin destroys all the equipment and flees.By this time, the fire department and an ambulance have arrived. Liz and Harry are quickly rushed off in an ambulance to get Liz to a hospital. As it drives off, Mary Jane hopes that Liz doesn't lose the baby, and wonders why the Osborns have to continue to suffer. Spider-Man admits that he doesn't know. Elsewhere, the Hobgoblin returns to his secret hideout and looks over the Osborn journal. He realizes that it is a list of all the storehouses that he already looted, making it useless and destroys it. Realizing that he has to rely on his own cunning from now on, the Hobgoblin vows to destroy Spider-Man once and for all.Spider-Man has webslinger to Newark International Airport to get photos of the President of the United States who is scheduled to arrive in New Jersey that day. While the wall-crawler finds someplace to change into Peter Parker, other photographers congregate in the airport arrivals. Among them is Jake Jones, a sleazy tabloid photographer who hopes to get an embarrassing photo of the President. As he walks toward the luggage carousel, Jake bumps into a woman causing her purse to spill open. Although Jack appears to help her gather up her things, he uses the opportunity to steal her wallet. He then goes into a storage room to ditch the evidence where he bumps into Spider-Man changing out of his costume. Seeing the hero with his mask off, Jack snaps a photo and bolts. With his identity compromised, Peter tries to go after Jones but realizes has to stop to put his costume back on. Despite the wall-crawler's efforts to stop Jack Jones, the wily tabloid photographer is well trained in evading capture and manages to escape in a luggage cart. Spider-Man chases after him, but Jack sends the cart speeding toward a shuttle bus. While Spider-Man is stopping the collision, Jack Jones manages to escape.Later, back at his apartment, Jack Jones realizes what a stroke of luck he has on his hands. Unfortunately, Jones doesn't know how to match the face with a name, given the massive population in New York City. However, he realizes the value of the photo in question and decides to sell it to a criminal instead. While downtown, Peter Parker frets over what might happen if his identity is exposed to the world. He worries what will happen if the photo is sold to a newspaper, or worse, to one of his foes like the Kingpin. Not knowing the identity of the photographer, Peter hopes Ben Urich can identify him from Peter's description. Peter then goes to the Daily Bugle where he learns all about Jake Jones and his unethical practices. He goes over the Bugle's file on Jones and hope it is enough to track him down. Urich warns Peter to be careful, as Jake Jones is nothing but trouble.Meanwhile, Jake Jones is attempting to sell the photo of Spider-Man's face to someone in the criminal underworld. He starts at a sleazy bar and believing that Jake is some crank, the thugs who run the place throw him out. Out on the street, Jake decides to sell the picture to a newspaper, after all, deciding that perhaps the Daily Bugle will be interested. Meanwhile, in the backroom of the bar, the thugs tell their boss, mobster Roberto DeNatale, about what just happened. He is interested in the validity of Jones' claims and tells his men to follow after him and force him to give up the photo. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is swinging across the city trying to find a trace of Jake Jones.By this time, Jake has returned to his hotel room where he is assaulted by DeNatale's men who threaten to kill him if he doesn't turn over the photo. Before they can kill Jones, Spider-Man comes crashing through the window. While Spider-Man is busy with DeNatale's men, Jake Jones escapes the room via the fire escape. Outside, Roberto DeNatale is informed of Spider-Man's involvement and thinks that this was all just a set up to lure him into a trap. Roberto and his men corner Jake in an alley. Seeing this, Spider-Man considers leaving Jake Jones to his fate, but he remembers the lesson he learned when his Uncle Ben was killed due to his inaction. Reminded again that with great power comes great responsibility, Spider-Man swoops down to save Jake Jones. As Spider-Man is thrashing the mobsters, Jake Jones tries to escape again. Having finished up DeNatale and his men, Spider-Man webs up the alleyway, preventing Jones from escaping. Spider-Man puts on some theatrics to frighten Jones into turning over the negatives.In the aftermath of this fiasco, Jake Jones laments about losing the negative. Although he lost the photo, Jones memorized Spider-Man's face and figures he'd know him to see him. However, he once again thinks about the massive population in New York and realizes that the task of tracking down Spider-Man is next to impossible.Ollie Osnick is patrolling the city in his new costumed identity of the Amazing Spectacular Spider-Kid. As he moves across the city with his mechanical spider-legs, Ollie thinks back to how misguided he was in the past, worshiping Doctor Octopus. He recalls how he used his mechanical arms to go on a crime spree, only to be stopped by Spider-Man. Since the hero gave him a second chance by letting him go, Ollie was inspired by Spider-Man to be a hero. Modifying his mechanical arms, he took on the guise of Spider-Kid to try and fight crime like his new hero. His thoughts are interrupted by a woman's scream. Spider-Kid follows the sound to an alley where he finds members of the Blazing Skull gang attempting to mug an elderly couple in an alleyway. When the Spider-Kid tries to stop them, he trips over his own mechanical legs and crashes into the thugs. This allows their would-be victims escape. The two gang members are furious that their victims escape and are about to teach Spider-Kid a lesson when the sound of approaching police cars scare them away. When the police arrive on the scene they are confused by the sight of the Spider-Kid. Having completely recovered from his fall, Ollie manages to escape. Considering what he accomplished on his first night out as a superhero, Ollie believes that Spider-Man would be proud of him.Meanwhile, Spider-Man and the Black Cat are racing away from the Kingpin's headquarters after a failed assault. Although the battle was a failure, the Black Cat is happy that Spider-Man now knows about her new bad luck powers. However, Spider-Man is worried as to why the Kingpin gave her these powers and what his game is. The Black Cat assures the wall-crawler that she is in full control of her newfound powers. However, given the fact that the Cat had kept this a secret for so long leads him to doubt her assurances. The Black Cat is insulted and abruptly leaves the scene. As Spider-Man goes his own way, he can't blame the Black Cat for getting short with him, as he has been on edge since his recent battle with the Hobgoblin. The Hobgoblin had kidnapped Liz Osborn in order to get at her husband Harry. Liz appeared to go into labor during the battle, but after she was rushed to the hospital the doctors determined it to be a false labor brought on by the stress of being held hostage. Spider-Man was going to visit Liz in the hospital, but now it is too late so he decides to retire for the night.Returning home, Peter Parker grabs a quick bite to eat and thinks about how his Aunt May has been mad at him since he told her that he dropped out of grad school. Peter realizes that he has been meaning to call his Aunt and try to patch things up but things have been keeping him away from doing so. After washing his costume, an exhausted Peter Parker heads off to bed. The following morning, Ollie Osnick is woken up by his mother. Ollie is exhausted from being out late the night before and gets ready for school. There Ollie is harassed by a group of kids led by his old friend Brad Rossi. This bullying is stopped by Jane Lane, who Ollie considers the prettiest girl in his school. Osnick is impressed to discover that she stood up for him and wonders what she would think if she knew he was secretly the Spider-Kid. Meanwhile, Peter Parker arrives at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital to see how Liz Osborn is doing. There he meets Harry and the doctors tell both of them that the pregnancy has hit some complications and that it is too soon to determine if everything will be okay. Harry is wracked with guilt over the whole situation, as he blames himself for it and he doesn't know what he would do if Liz didn't make. Peter thinks to himself how much he can relate because that's just how he felt when Gwen Stacy died.Later that day, back at Ollie Osnick's school, the class bell rings. Walking the halls, Ollie accidentally bumps into Brad Rossi. Rossi is about to beat Ollie up when the frightened youth warns Rossi against it, saying that he has powerful friends. Brad finds this hilarious and he, and everyone in earshot gets a good laugh when Ollie claims that he is friends with Spider-Man. Ollie is allowed to leave, he vows to make Brad Rossi regret making a fool of him. Having seen this, Jane Lane has had enough of Brad picking on Ollie and dumps him on the spot. Furious over this, Brad vows to get revenge against on Osnick for ruining his relationship. Back at the hospital, Mary Jane Watson arrives and learns that Liz is still in labor. She offers to stay with Harry so that Peter can leave. Peter is consumed with worries about what would happen if Liz lost the baby. When Peter gets back to his apartment he remembers that he left his Spider-Man costume to soak overnight. He rushes to the sink and fishes out the costume and realizes, to his horror, that it shrunk in the water overnight. With no other choice, Spider-Man goes into his closed and digs out the black and white costume that the Black Cat sewed for him, based off of the alien costume he recently got rid of. That evening, Ollie Osnick is tinkering in his lab and puts the finishing touches on his newest invention, a modified flashlight. Changing into his Spider-Kid outfit, Ollie goes to the roof of his apartment building. He points the flashlight at the sky and turns it on. It illuminates a bright spider symbol in the night sky. This is spotted by Spider-Man, who is web-slinging across the city. Curious to know what is going on, Spider-Man goes to check it out. He finds Spider-Kid on the rooftop and asks him what he is doing. Ollie is upset to see that Spider-Man has changed his costume again as their outfits no longer match. Suddenly, Spider-Man realizes that he is talking to Ollie Osnick. When Ollie explains that he wants to be Spider-Man's sidekick, the wall-crawler isn't impressed. Spider-Man tries to explain the dangers of crime fighting and that he is able to do what he does due to his super-human abilities. Although Spider-Man tries to let Ollie down gently, the boy takes the rejection hard and runs off crying. As it so happens, Jane Lane is passing by and when she sees the Spider-Kid leaping between two buildings, she recognizes him as Ollie based on his physique and decides to follow him and see what is going on. She isn't the only one who sees Ollie either, the members of the Blazing Skull Gang spot the would-be hero and decide to get revenge against him.Meanwhile, back at the hospital, Liz Osborn continues to struggle through the labor process. Doctors realize that they are going to have to engage in medical intervention to help her through the birthing process. While elsewhere, Spider-Man searches the area to try and find Ollie in order to make him understand. Jane Lane finds Ollie first and he brings her into a nearby alley so he can confide in her in privacy. That's when the Blazing Skulls arrive, prompting Ollie to grab Jane and flee. Before the thugs can catch up with him, Spider-Man leaps in and incapacitates most of the thugs. However, some of them got past Spider-Man and now have Ollie and Jane cornered in a dead end alley. Ollie courageously stands up to the thugs. Although he is no match for them, they are frightened off when they notice Spider-Man atop one of the buildings. As the crooks flee, Spider-Man webs up the entrance to the alley, stopping the gang members in their tracks. In the aftermath of the battle, Jane Lane is impressed by Ollie's bravery but was worried that he could have been seriously hurt. Spotting Spider-Man up on the building, Ollie tells her that he is going to hang up his costume, just for her.Changing back into Peter Parker, Spider-Man returns to the Columbia where he learns that Liz's birth was a success thanks to a cesarean section. Harry is overjoyed that his wife has given birth to a healthy baby boy. They all celebrate and are soon allowed to see Liz and the newborn. This renews hope in Peter, and he decides that he needs to tie up some loose ends. The next day, Brad Rossi and his pals are about to begin their daily bullying on Ollie Osnick when suddenly Spider-Man shows up. Not only are they shocked to see that Ollie was telling the truth about being friends with the wall-crawler, Brad Rossi is also surprised to see that Ollie is now making time with his ex-girlfriend Jane Lane. Spider-Man swings away and although he has problems of his own to sort out, he can't help but feel great.Spider-Man is web-slinging across the city when he is suddenly attacked by a costumed youth calling himself Red 9. With his rocket boots and his personal force field, the cocky young man believes that he has the power to defeat Spider-Man in battle. The wall-crawler is far too agile for the clumsy young man. Spider-Man notices that Red 9 is sweating profusely. When Spider-Man attempts to web up his attacker, Red 9's force field prevents the webbing from gripping him. Red 9 then tries to shoot Spider-Man with his blasters, but the hero manages to leap onto Red 9's shoulders. Red 9 then tries to fly away, but the pair ends up crashing through a window. The impact is humiliating for Spider-Man, but it knocks Red 9 clean out. Spider-Man checks on his attacker and notices that he is looking flush. His examination is interrupted by Philmont Magee, a resident of the hospital they have crashed into. Spider-Man is flabbergasted when Magee orders him to sweep up the broken glass off the floor of his room. Spider-Man can't help but pick up a broom and begin sweeping. That's when Doctor Rattaum enters the room and he isn't surprised that Magee was the source of all the commotion. After exchanging some heated words with the ornery old man, Rattaum discovers Red 9 laying on the floor. One of his assistants notes that he has a serious fever and Rattaum orders his assistants to take Red 9 down to the ER for examination. The whole time, Rattum is scolded by Magee. Having had enough, Rattaum explains to the old man that he was only expected to live for three months. Fed up with the crotchety old man, Rattaum informs Philmont that he has been declared legally dead and his government assistance has been cut off and he will soon be removed from the building. Hearing this Spider-Man wants to know why Magee is being thrown out. Rattaum explains that the old man has been fighting to get his way to the point that it is costing too much money to keep him. Even though it is probably a computer error, Rattaum has no interest in straightening things out. Spider-Man can't just let the old man be thrown out, no matter how grumpy he is, and vows to get this situation sorted out by 5 pm that afternoon.Spider-Man goes to the social security office, but the woman at the counter is not interested in talking to Spider-Man. Back outside, Spider-Man wonders why he even bothered putting on his costume that day. Suddenly, the wall-crawler comes up with a way to help out Magee. Changing into Peter Parker, the hero then uses his charm and press credentials to talk to the woman at social services. She is taken by his flattery and explains that the situation with Philmont Magee is not the mistake of social services, but medicare. Travelling there, he tries to talk to Mr. Blodgett, the manager at medicare to try and straighten out Magee's situation. He's disinterested, and when one of his employees offers to help Peter out he loses his temper. Despite this, the employee looks up the information and discovers that Philmont Magee was mixed up with the similarly named Philip Magee. However, Blodgett informs Parker that the only way they can change the computers is through a court order. He then gloats over how the judge in charge of this duty, Benjamin Handley, always leaves work early on Wednesdays. Coincidentally, the judge's niece is also one of the employees under Blodgett's employ. She tells Peter that her uncle can be found at the Silver Lake Golf Course on Staten Island.With time running out, Peter changes back into Spider-Man and rushes to catch the ferry to Staten Island. Unfortunately, he misses it by mere moments. Luckily a couple in a motorboat see this and offer to give him a lift to the island. Using his webbing to make an improvised handglider, Spider-Man is pulled to Staten Island. There he lands in a tree on the golf course and uses its cover to change back into Peter Parker. He learns where Judge Handley is in the clubhouse. When he gets there, the Handley was already informed by his niece and has all the paperwork done up. As Peter goes to leave, the judge calls ahead to the hospital to tell them that he is coming with Philmore Magee's paperwork. He tells Parker to beware of Red 5 who is running amok in the hospital. The judge explains that the youth has pneumonia and is spoiling for a rematch against Spider-Man. Changing back into Spider-Man, Peter makes his way back to the hospital. En route he is attacked by Red 9 once again. During the fight, Spider-Man asks Red 9 where he got his armor. Red explains that his uncle built it for NASA and offered him a chance to test it out. Recently turning sixteen, Red's friends put him in the suit and sent him to New York to test it out against Spider-Man.During their fight, Red 9 clips Spider-Man's web-sack with his blaster. This causes his street clothes and court order to spill out onto the street below. When Spider-Man tries to recover the paperwork, he arrives too late to stop it from burning up in the barbeque of a street vendor. Furious, Spider-Man easily trounces Red 9, whose low power and illness make for an easier defeat. Ripping apart Red 9's costume, Spider-Man scolds him for delaying him further and carries him to the hospital. After a quick phone call and another trip to Long Island to get a new set of papers, Spider-Man returns to the hospital. Finding an empty wheelchair in Magee's room makes Spider-Man believe he is too late and he smashes it with his hands. However, he is proven wrong when Magee enters the room and scolds him for making another mess. As it turns out, the other patients and Red 9 (who has since been treated for his pneumonia) had tied up Doctor Rattamun to buy more time. Raddamun is furious t his treatment and vows to toss out Magee once and for all. Spider-Man shows him the paperwork and tells him to do no such thing before ramming the court order in Rattamun's mouth. As Spider-Man gets ready to leave, Magee orders him to sweep up the broken wheelchair before he goes. Spider-Man does so grudgingly, lamenting that none of his foes have been able to make him do such a humiliating task.The Black Fox is selling a valuable diamond to his fence, André Bullion. While going over the details André asks if the rumors of the Black Fox's retirement are true. The Fox confirms this, telling his friend that after his next heist he is going to retire indefinitely. Boullion suggests that they have a toast to Fox's career. However, the celebrations is interrupted by the sudden arrival of the police. André tells the Fox to make a run for it, but the police come bursting through the front door. Grabbing the jewels, the Black Fox covers his escape with a gas bomb and leaps out a nearby window. As the Black Fox flees down the street, he is unaware if he is being tracked by two men in a car. Suddenly, a van carrying a number of armed men start chasing the Black Fox. The Fox slips into an alleyway, and when the van tries to stop there, it accidentally rear-ends another car. When the owner of the car demands to know who is going to pay for the damage, he is surprised when one of the men in the van writes him a check, payable by Silver Sable International. In the alley, the Black Fox realizes that these armed men mean business when they begin opening fire on him, but he manages to leap over a fence and get to cover.Meanwhile, at the Columbia Presbyterian Hospital, Peter Parker is introduced to Harry and Liz Osborn's newborn son, Norman. They are soon joined by Mary Jane Watson who finds the baby adorable. By this time, Peter tells them that he has to go to the Daily Bugle and leaves. As he leaves, Peter is happy for Harry and Liz but grew uncomfortable with Mary Jane's presence especially after she revealed that she knows his secret identity. More upsetting was the fact that she calling him by her old pet name for him, "Tiger", which opens up old feelings. This is more trouble for Parker who is still concerned about his Aunt May being upset with him for quitting grad school and how his relationship with the Black Cat is turned sour. Deciding that some web-slinging is in order, Peter slips into the elevator and changes into Spider-Man. As he web-slings across the city, Spider-Man decides to go looking for an opportunity to take some crime photos as he needs the money. He just happens to come across the armed men who are pursuing the Black Fox. The Black Fox is pinned down and is begging to surrender, prompting Spider-Man to leap in and attack the men shooting at the Fox.While Spider-Man is busy trouncing the armed men, the Black Fox takes the opportunity to escape. When the battle is over, the NYPD's Lieutenant Kris Keating scolds Spider-Man for interfering with a joint effort of the NYPD and the Symkarian government to capture an international jewel thief. Humiliated, Spider-Man leaves, but his presence isn't escaping the notice of the men who were watching the Black Fox. They decide that their employer, Silver Sable, will want to know about Spider-Man's interference. The news soon reaches the Symkarian embassy, and Silver Sable's Uncle Mortimer brings her the news and his concerns about cost overruns. However, Silver Sable already knows about the situation, and given the funding, she is getting she believes that she and her Wild Pack can continue their operation for fifteen days and still turn a profit. As she begins a training session, Mortimer reminds her that Silver Sable International wasn't formed to make money. Silver knows this all too well, how her father founded the Wild Pack to hunt down Nazi war criminals. However, times have changed, and so must the Wild Pack's mission. She quickly incapacitates the men fighting with her, although she accidentally shatters the kneecap of one of the fighters. Suddenly, one the servants tries to attack Sable with a knife. However, Silver Sable is agiler and quickly knocks out this would-be assassin. Suspecting that this killer was sent by one of her enemies, Silver Sable orders Mortimer to have the woman interrogated.Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, Aunt May is looking through old photographs in the attic of her home. She is called down by her fianceé, Nathan Lubensky, calls her down. He tells her to patch things up with Peter, pointing out while she is upset with him for giving up on his future, she has given up on him. Nathan gets through to May, and she decides to call her nephew. However, whenever she tries to call the line is busy. Incidentally, this is because Peter is trying to call May, but her line is busy since they have been trying to call each other at the exact same time. Peter really wants to talk to Aunt May, but every time he has attempted to see her, something gets in the way of that goal, the incident with the Black Fox being the latest. Unfortunately, Peter can't shake his responsibility and must catch the Black Fox. With his red and blue costume rank from sweat, Peter decides to wear the black and white costume made for him by the Black Cat. As he swings across the city, Spider-Man wonders what he is to do about his costume situation. Although he likes the new black costume, he still has an attachment to the red and blue. However, his thoughts are interrupted by his spider-sense warning him that a nearby helicopter is following him. As Spider-Man ducks for cover, the two Wild Pack agents in the chopper are surprised by how quickly the wall-crawler can move.At that moment, at a shady dock-side bar, the Black Fox is making arrangements to be smuggled out of the country. He is unaware that one of Sable's agents is present. When the call is put in, the helicopter following Spider-Man is called to that location. Seeing the chopper turning away, Spider-Man decides to follow it and see what is going on. Quickly, the wall-crawler swings up and attaches himself to the bottom of the helicopter. While the Wild Pack prepare to surround the Black Fox, Spider-Man manages to find the thief first. However, the Black Fox manages to escape Spider-Man by using a smoke bomb. Unfortunately for the Fox, when he rounds the corner it is right into the clutches of the Wild Pack. The mercenaries begin opening fire on the Fox. Spider-Man is disgusted by the scene but is thankful that the Wild Pack are using mercy bullets instead of live rounds. Spider-Man webs up the mercenaries and swings away with the Black Fox. Safely on a rooftop, Spider-Man asks what the Black Fox why he is in this area and learns about the thief's attempt to smuggle himself out of the country. Spider-Man is about to turn the Black Fox over to the authorities, but the thief begs him not to, telling the hero that he has a family back in Europe that is depending on him to support them. The Black Fox goes on to say that he let the years slip away. Reminded of the situation with Aunt May, Spider-Man understands and helps the Black Fox escape from the Wild Pack.While Spider-Man holds off the soldiers, the Black Fox escapes in a motorboat. He gloats about how he was able to trick Spider-Man into letting him go and looks forward to his retirement. However, when he checks his pockets for the jewels he stole, he finds a note from Spider-Man instead. Back ashore, Silver Sable is upset that Spider-Man allowed the Black Fox to escape. She is less upset when he turns over the stolen jewels to her. As the wall-crawler leaves the scene, Silver Sable can't help but find the masked hero interesting and wants to learn more about him. Later, Peter Parker makes a visit to Aunt May's house. When Nathan answers the door, Peter's voice is such a shock to May that she drops a plate on the floor. Peter rushes to her side to help her pick up the pieces. Finally face-to-face with each other, both Peter and Aunt May admit that they both missed each other.The mutant villain known as the Toad has had enough of his tortured existence and has decided to commit suicide by jumping off the side of a building. A crowd has formed below, and one particularly sick individual is encouraging the Toad to jump. Soon, Spider-Man arrives on the scene to snap photos for the Daily Bugle. He arrives just in time to catch the Toad as he leaps off the side of the building. The Toad is upset that he couldn't even commit suicide properly. Learning that the Toad has no self-worth because nobody cares about him. Spider-Man points out that he cared because he saved the Toad's life. This changes the Toad's attitude and Spider-Man tells him how in some cultures saving the life of another, you become responsible for them. With that, Spider-Man takes the Toad down to the street and into the hands of the police. When the man who was encouraging the Toad to jumps starts badgering Spider-Man for more entertainment, the wall-crawler responds by webbing his mouth shut. As the hero swings away, the Toad can't believe that someone has actually stood up for him, and promises that when he gets out of jail, he'll devote his life to his new friend, Spider-Man. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is joined by the Black Cat, who wants to know why he went out on patrol without her. Spider-Man explains that as long as she is keeping secrets from him, he doesn't feel comfortable working with her and leaves, creating tension between the couple.A few weeks later, a comic book shop is being held up by some thugs. The robbery is interrupted by the arrival of two police officers who came in to purchase some comic books. Seeing the situation, they rush outside and call for back up. Peter Parker happens upon the scene and slips away to change into Spider-Man. When the robbers come out with hostages, Spider-Man comes up from behind and webs up their guns. While Sthe hero is knocking out one of the thugs, he is about to be struck from behind by the other. Before this can happen, the Toad leaps in and knocks the crook off balance. Spider-Man recognizes the Toad as a former member of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants but nearly forgets that this is the same man he saved from committing suicide weeks earlier. Much to Spider-Man's dismay, the Toad is out of therapy and has decided to live up to his promise to be Spider-Man's friend and partner. The situation is made even more embarrassing due to the fact that there is a live news crew on the scene who capture this declaration. Eugene Patilio watches this from his television at home and is furious that the Toad is apparently becoming Spider-Man's partner. Calling the Toad a poor imitation, Patilio vows to send the mutant running in his costumed identity of the Frogman.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is trying to get away from the Toad. Spider-Man admits that he considers the Toad a friend, but he refuses to allow him to be his partner. The Toad thinks that this is because he is a mutant. However, Spider-Man points out that excuse is ridiculous, as the Toad doesn't even know if the wall-crawler is a mutant or not. Spider-Man explains that he used to have the Black Cat as a partner, and that didn't work out. He tells the Toad to take some time to cool down and they'll meet up together the following morning down by the docks and hash things out over breakfast. With the wall-crawler gone, the Toad vows that he will convince Spider-Man to let him be his partner in fighting crime and leaps away. This declaration is overheard by someone inside the building, and that person has some different ideas about that. Later that night, the Toad goes to a bar and listens to some criminals complaining about having to deal with superheroes all the time. The Toad convinces them to go attack Spider-Man at the docks the following morning, hoping to rescue the wall-crawler and prove his value as a partner. It's then that the Toad notices that he is being followed by Eugene Patilio. Eugene pretends to want to get in on the Toad's scheme, but the mutant refuses to do so. As the Toad leaves, Eugene is left to believe that Spider-Man is being led into a trap and vows to help Spider-Man as Frogman.At that moment, Peter Parker has just finished developing photos for the Daily Bugle. He wonders how he is going to resolve the situation with the Toad. Turning on the television he catches a clip of Kermit the Frog singing "It Ain't Easy Being Green" and Parker decides to go up to the roof to get some fresh air. There, he discovers that his neighbor Bambi is on the roof as well and the pair get to talking. He asks her about how to deal with someone that he needs to "ditch" gently. Bambi recalls that whenever an incompatible suiter tries to make a move on her or her roommates, they set them up with somebody else. Peter thanks Bambi for her advice and goes out on the town as Spider-Man to meet up with the Toad. When he arrives at the docks, Spider-Man is approached by Frogman, who warns him of the trap set up by the Toad. Suddenly, the thugs come out. The Toad also leaps in, telling Spider-Man that he is there to help. However, instead of the 47 men he was expecting, only 9 showed up, and they are all hung over from the previous nights drinking. While Spider-Man deals with the thugs, the Toad and Frogman fight amongst themselves. They crash into the window of a pet store, unleashing a horde of frogs that trip up Spider-Man a bit. Suddenly, a second car full of armed thugs arrives on the scene, but the car is flipped over by the Spider-Kid, who has arrived on the scene to prove to the Toad and Frogman that he is the one who is worthy of being Spider-Man's partner. The trio clash with each other, but only manages to knock themselves out. By this point, Spider-Man has had enough and tells them that they all deserve each other. Much to his horror, Spider-Man has inadvertently convinced the trio to start a team and fight crime together. The trio decides on calling themselves the very thing Spider-Man called them, the Misfits, and go off to figure out how to organize their team, much to Spider-Man's dismay. In the aftermath of this experience, Peter returns home and goes out onto the roof again. Bambi is up there waiting for the sunset and the pair decide to watch it together.Spider-Man is clinging to the side of a building, lamenting over his recent problems. He is spotted by the Human Torch, who wonders if Spider-Man is back to wearing the alien symbiote again and decides to find out. To test this out, the Torch tosses a small flame past Spider-Man's head. The wall-crawler quickly attacks, but the Torch stops the fight and explains why he did it. He learns that Spider-Man is actually wearing a facsimile of the alien costume made for him out of cloth by the Black Cat. The two travel across the city, and when the Torch compliments Spider-Man for hooking up with the Black Cat, the wall-crawler explains that they just recently broke up. However, Spider-Man isn't feeling well and isn't up for playing catch up and tells the Torch that he is going to call it an early night. However, when the Torch flies off, Spider-Man happens to look into the window of Mister Fred's clothing store and spots a crook robbing the safe. As Spider-Man heads to the building to stop him, the crook, a man named Ron, spots the wall-crawler and tries to think of some way to escape the hero. When Spider-Man enters the building, Ron grabs a nearby mannequin and pretends that it is a hostage. Thinking that Ron has an actual woman as a hostage, Spider-Man keeps his distance until Ron can escape into the subway, tossing his prop side. Spider-Man checks on the "woman" and can't believe that he fell for such an obvious ploy.The hero quickly runs down into the subway as the thief boards the train. Spider-Man manages to tag him with a spider-tracer but is nabbed by some transit cops for hopping the turnstile, slowing up Spider-Man enough to lose the train. However, the hero is confident that the spider-tracer will soon trip the crook up. Shortly thereafter, at Grand Central Station, Ron changes his clothes with a fresh set of clothes he stashed in a locker and takes a connecting train. While Spider-Man returns home to his apartment to spend the evening by himself, Ron returns to his home in the suburbs where he spends the evening with his wife. The following morning, Peter Parker wakes up and in a sleepy fog goes about his morning routine. All the while Ron sleeps in peacefully. Changing into Spider-Man, the wall-crawler spends most of the day crossing town trying to find the signal from his spider-tracer. He soon realizes that the perp must be outside of the city. The wall-crawler quickly returns to his apartment and digs out his old electronic signal tracker as it has a much longer range than his spider-sense.Picking up the signal, Spider-Man is drawn out to the edge of the Bronx and discovers that the spider-tracer is actually out in the suburbs. Hopping on a commuter train, Spider-Man follows the signal all the way to the suburb of Scarsdale. Leaping off the train, Spider-Man lands in someone's backyard and is approached by a guard dog. Before the dog can bite the hero, he webs its mouth shut and leaps out of the backyard. There he runs into a little girl playing on the sidewalk. After saying hello, he tries to web-sling but discovers that there are no tall buildings to do so. Instead, he decides to leap across town from the trees, but the first one he leaps into breaks at the trunk sending the wall-crawler crashing to the ground. Spider-Man is then approached by Irving, the head of the local neighborhood watch, and his wife. Irving scolds Spider-Man for destroying the tree and tries to put him under citizens arrest. Spider-Man is so confused by the whole experience that he can't think of anything to do until Irving takes the opportunity to pinch Spider-Man's butt. In response, the wall-crawler webs the couple to the roof of Irving's car and continues on his search.Spider-Man suddenly sees a city bus passing by and leaps onto the roof to catch a ride. However, it eventually stops and the driver gets out and demands that Spider-Man pay the fare. With no money on him, the bus driver gets back in the bus and drives away, forcing Spider-Man to walk the rest of the way. Since he didn't bring his civilian clothing with him, Spider-Man is stuck walking through the neighborhood wearing his costume under the gawking eyes of the locals. As he passes by a garbage truck, one of the garbage men thanks Spider-Man for saving his sister's life. Wanting to get this done and over with, Spider-Man asks for a lift from the garbage men, but feels nothing but humiliation being driven around in a garbage truck. As Spider-Man gets closer to his destination, Ron begins doing laundry. It's then that Ron finds the spider-tracer and stomps on it. As Spider-Man curses the lost of his signal, he spots Ron trying to escape in his car. Grabbing onto a tree, the wall-crawler tries to snare the car in a spider-web. However, all Spider-Man manages to do is pull off the rear bumper.Spider-Man tries to run after the car but stops as he happens upon a taxi cab. Although the driver only appears to understand Spanish, he manages to get the driver to follow Ron's car. This chase attracts a police patrol car as well as Irving and his wife who join the chase. Ultimately, the chase ends with the cab crashing into the garbage truck, Spider-Man leaping over Irving and the city bus and forcing Ron to crash his car. With the crook webbed up, Spider-Man watches as the locals all complain about all the things Spider-Man did while in town. The wall-crawler can't wait to get home because he finds the suburbs too hectic for him.This story is continued from Web of Spider-Man #6...After the Beyonder turned an office building into solid gold the government, with the aid of the Kingpin have been trying to cover-up the clean-up operation as the discovery of so much gold would ruin the world market and create an economic depression the world has never known. Spider-Man, witness to the transformation of the building came to the rescue of the trapped workers and in turn learned of the Kingpin's "aid" of the clean-up operation in return for several gold type-writers. Fed up of being shortchanged while criminals profit, Spider-Man would take a golden notebook for himself before leaving the scene.As Peter web-slings away, the working day is beginning and office workers are being turned away at the military blockade. As Spider-Man web-slings home to his Soho apartment he reflects on the night's events and after checking the news to find out that nobody knows what is going on behind the barrier decides to get some rest and worry about what he has learned the next day. As Peter sleeps, Agent Anderson instructs the military in loading the final trucks full of the gold to be shipped off to the docks of the Hudson River. There the gold would be transported out to sea and dumped a deep ocean trench off the coast of Puerto Rico by military ships escorted by F-14 fighter jets.While this is done with the utmost secrecy, moles within the Pentagon relay the information to the Kingpin's minion the Arranger. When the Arranger brings this to his master, the Kingpin informs the Arranger that he is already aware of the governments plan to dispose of the gold and has come up with a plot to capitalize on it for himself. The next morning at the Daily Bugle, Peter Parker reports to the office to see that J. Jonah Jameson is on a rampage seeing if his reports have any leads on the mysterious military operation happening in the middle of the city. Seeing Parker, Jameson sucks up to Peter hoping that he has some exclusive pictures of the site. When it turns out he does not, Jameson loses his temper and orders everyone to get out of his sight and get an exclusive no matter what it takes. Peter decides to change back into Spider-Man and keep an eye on Agent Anderson, and as he heads back to the site of the collapsed golden building he wonders if he should expose the governments deal with the Kingpin and how he might be able to do it. As he arrives at the site, he is surprised to see how quickly the military has cleared the area and that they are finalizing the last shipment off the site. As this is happening, one of the military ships on its way back to the Hudson River is left alone by the air patrol, which assumes that it is no longer at risk now that it is empty of its gold. This leaves it open for an attack by the Arranger, who's minions knock out all the sailors aboard the ship and take their places so that they can collect the final shipment of gold which they can then dump elsewhere along the route for more of the Kingpin's men to collect later. What they don't anticipate is that Anderson accompanies the final load and that Spider-Man -- still suspicious of Anderson -- follows after to keep an eye on things. When the ship leaves port, Spider-Man stows away and overhears as Anderson learns that the soldiers aboard the vessel have been replaced by the Kingpin's men and the Arranger's plan for the gold. Spider-Man attacks the Kingpin's men, the battle alerting the fighter pilots in the air who report back to base. With the military sending ships to intercept the one loaded with gold, Spider-Man easily rounds up the Arranger and his men and prevent them from dumping the gold before it can reach the trench near Puerto Rico. As the other military boats arrive, Spider-Man hides. When Anderson is recovered he cannot confirm Spider-Man's involvement as he was knocked out at the time. As Spider-Man hitches a ride home on the vessel taking the Kingpin's goons back to the mainland, he is spotted by Anderson who salutes the Wall-Crawler. Spider-Man realizes that in the end perhaps Anderson wasn't such a bad person. As Spider-Man rides home, he realizes that he didn't get a single picture for J. Jonah Jameson and wonders how his day could get any worse. These prove to be words that may come back to bite Spider-Man later, as in the deepest reaches of space the former herald of Galactus known as Firelord speeds toward the Earth.

Firelord, former herald of Galactus, is flying across the universe. After destroying a meteor swarm. After, he notices that he is near the planet Earth and decides that it would be an ideal place to rest before going off to his next destination. Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, Peter Parker is visiting his Aunt May at her boarding house. There, the Lund sisters fuss over Peter, much of to the disapproval of Nathan Lubenski who has taken a disliking to how Peter treats his Aunt. Peter manages to find a means of getting away from the Lund sisters by having Arthur Chekov take his seat while he deals with the dishes. While he does so, Nathan turns on the television. They catch an anti-mutant editorial featuring the X-Men, as well as the singer known as Dazzler who recently outed herself as a mutant. Neither Nathan or Arthur think the editorial will cause nothing but trouble. In the kitchen, Peter is spending time with his Aunt May. Peter feels bad for not visiting as often as he should, especially since he has a fair deal of spare time. May suggests that Peter should go back to grad school, reminding him how devoted he was to science as a teenager. Peter misses studying science but isn't ready to go back just yet. Suddenly, he gets a jolt from his spider-sense warning him of danger, leaving Peter to wonder if the Beyonder has returned again. What Peter is detecting is the arrival of Firelord, who has arrived in the city and desires to try some Earth food. He stops at Tony's Pizzarea, mashing in through the front door. There Firelord demands to be fed. The television is on in the pizzeria, and one of the patrons was watching the anti-mutant editorial on the news. When he notices Firelord, the man assumes that he is a mutant. Meanwhile, Firelord demands that the owner of the pizzeria make him a pizza. However, the owner tells him that they are serving breakfast food and the pizza ovens haven't been fired up yet. Firelord decides to remedy the situation by shooting fire from his eyes, melting the ovens into molten slag. Meanwhile, the man who thinks Firelord is a mutant sneaks out of Tony's and rushes to the construction site where he works. He rouses his co-workers about the "mutant menace" in the pizzeria. Grabbing tools as weapons the construction workers head back to the pizzeria.At that moment back in Queens, Peter Parker is saying his goodbyes to Aunt May and her tenants. Nathan Lubenski is off to get the morning paper and takes the opportunity to speak to Peter in private. Nathan tells Peter that he doesn't like how the youth comes and goes out of his Aunt May's life and his continued refusal to return to school before departing and leaving Peter to think things over at a bus stop. As the two men part company, they are unaware that someone is watching them from the shadows. With the bus not coming for another 45 minutes, Peter climbs up into a nearby tree to change into his Spider-Man costume. At first, he thinks he is wearing his red and blue costume, but soon discovers he is wearing his black and white one instead. He remarks how having two distinct costumes will take some time to adjust to and hopes that he won't accidentally mix and match between the two. As Spider-Man swings through the city, his thoughts turn to the Beyonder, the god-like being who recently came to Earth. The wall-crawler wonders what Beyond might want on Earth and fears for the safety of the planet. Suddenly, his spider-sense kicks in, and Spider-Man decides to check it out.Not far away, the construction workers outside of Tony's Pizza have attached a hose to a nearby fire hydrant and use it to try and put out Firelord's flame. This has no effect on the cosmic-powered being from space and he sends the construction workers flying with a single blow. Spider-Man swings in to save the construction workers from Firelord's wrath. The former herald of Galactus is furious at being physically assaulted. However, despite his superior power, Spider-Man is able to wrest Firelord's staff from his hands. Unfortunately, Spider-Man doesn't realize that Firelord merely channels his power through he staff. He learns the hard way when Firelord fires a massive burst of flame at Spider-Man. The hero leaps away from the condemned building mere seconds before Firelord's blast levels the building. Realizing that he is facing a former herald of Galactus, Spider-Man is horrified by how outmatched he is and tries to flee deeper into the city to get help. In order to get ahead of the alien, Spider-Man tosses Firelord's staff into the Hudson River. While Firelord is recovering his weapon while the wall-crawler heads towards the Fantastic Four's headquarters. However, when he arrives on the scene, he discovers -- to his horror -- that the entire Baxter Building is missing. He suddenly remembers hearing that the Baxter Building was recently destroyed and wonders how he will be able to get ahold of the Fantastic Four. Spider-Man begins to panic over what to do next and decides to change into his civilian identity and lay low. When getting changed, Peter drops his wallet on the ground. Picking it up it flips open to a photo of himself with his Aunt May and Uncle Ben. He is reminded once again how his inaction when he first became Spider-Man led to Uncle Ben's death and vows not to let something like that again. He changes back into Spider-Man to try and stop Firelord even if it kills him. Spider-Man then swings back out into the open, hunting for Firelord, promising to put up one heck of a fight against the villain.Firelord erupts from the East River, furious at the dishonor Spidey has caused him. He reminisces how he visited Earth only to partake in its delights, but was attacked "without explanation" by men mistaking him for a mutant, and would have killed those men if not for Spider-Man's intervention. Spider-Man's audacity must not go unpunished, so he sets off to find him.Meanwhile, Spidey brainstorms ideas on how to end Firelord's rampage, realizing there's no way to reason with the former herald's strange alien code of honor. Just then his spider-sense sets off, and he dodges Firelord's attacks. He decides to lure him indoors so as to avoid collateral damage, venturing into an office building. One of the employees activates the sprinkler system, which on contact with Firelord's body creates enough steam to mask Spidey's escape. At the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson is introduced by Robbie to their new city editor, Ms. Kathryn Cushing. A secretary bursts in informing them of the commotion going on in mid-town involving Spider-Man. Cushing leaves to investigate, and upon her departure, Jameson warns Robbie that she is rude, arrogant and opinionated.Spider-Man gets an idea and heads to the Grand Central Terminal, goading Firelord into colliding headfirst with an oncoming train; Unfortunately, he heightens his body temperature enough to easily pierce through it, avoiding any casualties. Spidey laments that he could've gotten someone hurt, formulating a new plan. The Avengers get an emergency signal from the police department, stating that "Firelord Is On A Rampage!"Firelord bursts through the ground, having been confused by the subway tunnels and decided to just fly out. Turns out Spidey hitched a ride to an elevated track, just in time to be found. Firelord contemplates creating a nova blast to obliterate Spider-Man (along with New York,) but decides such a victory would not be worthy, and he must crush his foe in personal combat. He encircles the train with solar flares, which die out the instant Spider-Man leaps from it. Seeing a demolition crew, Spidey decides to use the soon to be demolished the building as the perfect place to take down Firelord, telling the workers to set it off as soon as they count to a thousand. Firelord arrives and battles the web-head, until his spider-sense rings go off and he escapes the building right before it falls, seemingly crushing the former herald.Since the building wasn't big enough, Spidey lures Firelord to a gas station, causing him to seemingly destroy himself by firing an energy blast at its vicinity. Despite totaling over a block of abandoned housing, Firelord is unscathed. At this point Spider-Man has had enough of Firelord's lethal attempts at his life, finally fighting back, barraging him with blow after blow until he falls. Just then the Avengers appear, with Captain America congratulating Spidey on a job well done, stating from what he saw Firelord couldn't lay a hand on him. He replies that he's just lucky... REAL lucky.Years ago, the wrestler known as Crusher Hogan was challenging people to last three minutes in the ring with him. One of these contestants was a young man with spider-like abilities. This youth managed to survive in the ring, and Crusher Hogan took him under his wing. Hogan trained the youth to make use of his agility and strength. He also helped create web-shooters and the costume for the young man who would later become the hero known as Spider-Man. Crusher Hogan taught the wall-crawler everything he knows, at least that's how Hogan tells it now. Times haven't been good to the former wrestler, now that he is a janitor at a gym. He spins his tale about Spider-Man to a young boxer named Bobby Chance, although the other men training at the gym think Hogan is a washed up fool, Bobby buys into the story. As they converse, the owner of the gym, a muscle-bound thug named Manslaughter Marsdale comes out of his office and orders Hogan to get back to work. Marsdale then approaches Chance and asks about rumors that the young man won't be renewing his contract with his gym. Manslaughter warns the boy not to cross him, using his strength and ball knuckles to smash a punching bag, warning Bobby that if he leaves, it could be hazardous to his health.Marsdale then goes back into his office where he meets with his associate Madam Fang and tells her about Bobby's decision to sign up elsewhere. She then orders him to deal with Chance in the usual manner. They then become aware of someone listening outside of the office. Marsdale goes outside and finds Hogan listening in. Manslaughter shouts at the lowly janitor and tells him to get lost and keep his mouth shut, or else. Later that evening, Crusher Hogan returns to his small apartment. He is worried for Bobby Chance and wonders what he could do. Looking at one of the many posters of Spider-Man hanging in his apartment, Hogan wishes he really did know Spider-Man so he could ask the hero for help. At that moment, Spider-Man is attempting to return to his apartment, but unfortunately, his neighbors are sunbathing on the roof again. Desperate to get back into his apartment, the hero resorts to creating bats out of webs and tossing them at the women. The ploy works and Candi, Randi, and Bambi all flee for cover, allowing Spider-Man to climb back into his apartment through the skylight. As Peter Parker begins removing his costume, his thoughts on how to deal with this recurring problem is interrupted by a pounding on his front door. It's Peter's landlady, Maimie Muggins, who suspects that Peter had something to do with the girls screaming on the roof. Muggins has pegged Peter for a pervert, particularly after a recent screaming fit he had one night. Before leaving, she reminds Peter that his rent is due in a week, and she wants to receive it on time for once. After Muggins leaves, Peter worries about getting enough cash. He considers selling the solid gold notebook he recovered from a building that was turned into gold by the Beyonder but can't think of anyone who would believe it was real, let alone give him money for it. He still feels guilty about taking it to begin with. That's when Mary Jane Watson comes knocking, she tells Peter that she just got a raise and a new modeling gig and wants to celebrate. As Peter is getting ready to go out, Mary Jane happens upon the golden notebook and is shocked to see such a thing. Peter quickly brushes it off as a gag novelty item. While at in Forest Hills, Aunt May and her fianceé Nathan Lubenski is spending the day together when the phone rings. Nathan answers it and is shocked to when it is the voice of someone who has been looking for Nathan for such a time. The voice on the phone tells Nathan to meet him at the usual place, or else. Aunt May, unaware of the threats being made, asks Nathan who that was on the phone. Nathan brushes it off, telling her that it was nobody. The next day Peter and Mary Jane go out shopping before Mary Jane has to go work at her new employer. Peter is surprised to learn that Mary Jane is modeling for Roderick Kingsley. Peter doesn't say anything, however, isn't sure he likes the idea of Mary Jane working for Roderick given his shady dealings in the past. Peter then goes to the Daily Bugle to see if Betty Leeds can provide him with a photo assignment. There he sees her having an argument with her husband, Ned Leeds, and Peter worries about the marital problems the couple has been having lately. Suddenly, Peter's spider-sense goes off and he ducks, avoiding a pat on the back from rival photographer Lance Bannon. Lance tells Peter that he has been swamped with photo assignments given to him by the new city editor, Kate Cushing, and wants a night off, so he offers Peter his latest assignment. Kate isn't happy with the exchange but allows it. On his way out, Peter watches Ned Leeds storm out of the office leaving Betty behind in tears. By the time Peter gets back to his apartment he gets a phone call from his Aunt May. She is worried about Nathan and asks Peter to follow him while he goes to meet with someone that evening to find out what the trouble is all about. At that moment at Marsdale's gym, Manslaughter is making arrangements with Madam Fang to convince Chance to stay with the gym. On his way out, Marsdale shoves Crusher Hogan out of his way, reminding the janitor to keep his mouth shut. When Bobby Chance bumps into Hogan moments later he asks Crusher what's wrong. Crusher brushes it off, telling Bobby that it is nothing. At that moment, back in Forest Hills, Spider-Man is staking out his Aunt May's home waiting for Nathan to make his late night rendezvous. As soon as Nathan gets in a taxi, Spider-Man begins to follow him. Meanwhile, back at the gym, Crusher Hogan decides to try and warn Bobby about Manslaughter Marsdale, but he is caught in the act. Marsdale orders Hogan to scram, but when his man tries to pull a gun, Crusher smacks him over the head with a broom. As fate would have it, Spider-Man is passing by and hears the gunshots. Finding himself in a conflict, Spider-Man decides to investigate the sound of gunshots. After setting up his camera, Spider-Man comes crashing in through a window to stop Marsdale and his men from roughing up Bobby and Hogan. While Spider-Man handles Marsdale's goons, Chance attempts to strike Manslaughter. To his surprise, it is like hitting a brick wall. Marsdale explains that he had an operation that eliminated his ability to feel pain.While Spider-Man is busy fighting Manslaughter Marsdale, Nathan Lubenski arrives at a darkened alley for his late-night meeting. The men gathered there are upset that Lubenski hasn't paid back his gambling debts. They decide to motivate him by giving him a serious beating. Back at the gym, Spider-Man manages to knock out Manslaughter Marsdale thanks to an assist by Crusher Hogan. In the aftermath of the battle, Bobby Chance tells the wall-crawler everything that Crusher had told him. Finally, Spider-Man recognizes Crusher, and decides to go along with the tall tale, and confirms that Hogan taught him everything he knows. By the time Spider-Man leaves, the other boxers return back and find Marsdale and all his thugs webbed up. When they hear how Crusher did it with the help of Spider-Man, they find a newfound respect for Hogan. Feeling good about himself, Spider-Man changes back into Peter Parker goes back to Queens to follow up with his Aunt May. He feels bad for not following Nathan but assumes that there couldn't be much trouble. However, when Aunt May answers the door she tearfully tells Peter that Nathan is in the hospital after being beaten within an inch of his life. Aunt May feels foolish for asking Peter to follow after Nathan, knowing that her nephew has a life of his own and closes the door. Depressed, Peter stands on the porch and feels horrible over what has happened and what it's done to Aunt May. However, he can't help but think what would have happened to Crusher Hogan and Bobby Chance if he hadn't have intervened. He wonders if this is the price his family will always pay as long as he is Spider-Man.A new costumed villain known as Slyde is making his criminal debut by robbing a bank. With his slick body suit he is able to skate across the floor to the teller window in moments. After robbing the teller at gunpoint, Slyde is confronted by the guards. Unphased by this, Slyde tosses his gun away and slides right through them and out the window and into the street. Meanwhile, elsewhere in town, Spider-Man is busting up a shady poolhall to learn who was responsible for beating up Nathan Lubenski the night before. However, before he can get any answers he is chased out by the owner. As he swings away the wall-crawler blames himself for not being there to protect Nathan and likens it to the death of his Uncle Ben, something that happened because Spider-Man failed to act. On a rooftop, Spider-Man wonders why he can't even save the people he cares about and angrily punches a chimney. Hearing sirens, Spider-Man decides to go and check it out in the hopes it gets him photos good enough to sell to the Daily Bugle.A few blocks away, Slyde manages to keep a step ahead of the cops thanks to his non-stick costume. Evading them, he manages to force the cops into crashing into an oncoming vehicle. That's when Spider-Man arrives on the scene and tries to stop Slyde by webbing him up, unfortunately, not even Spider-Man's webbing can cling to the fleeing criminal. Slyde manages to trip up Spider-Man, making him land in the back of a fruit truck. As he crawls out of the truck, he asks himself how things can get any worse. Looking in a shop window he sees a mannequin that resembles the Beyonder and hopes he won't run into the god-like being again, especially after their last encounter. With Slyde long gone, Spider-Man web-slings away and heads on to the hospital to see how Nathan is doing. At that moment, Slyde has escaped to his home where he celebrates his first outing as a costumed criminal. He thinks back to when he was Jalome Beacher, a chemical engineer working for the Beemont Manufacturing Company. It was there that he developed a new chemical coating. However, the company was soon bought out by a larger corporation owned by a man named Rockwall and Beacher soon found himself out of a job. When Jalome attempted to start his own business, the banks refused to grant him a loan. As such, he decided to use his new coating to get him the money he needed through crime. He now vows to make Rockwell pay for screwing with his life.Meanwhile, Peter Parker arrives at the hospital and learns from the doctors that the men who attacked Nathan didn't give him any lasting injuries, something Peter finds odd. When he goes in to check on Nathan, he gets a cold reception from Aunt May who is still upset with him for not watching after Nathan the night before. When Peter asks Nathan who attacked him, Lubenski tells Peter that he doesn't want him to get involved and that he doesn't want to think about it anymore. However, he looks at a bouquet of flowers sent by an "ominous" friend. At that moment, at the Beemont Manufacturing Company, Hawkins is gloating over how profitable his business is making him. Suddenly, Hawkins and his assistant Max hear a crash from one of the other rooms. When they go and check it out, they find Slyde. With nowhere to go, Slyde smashes out the window and decides to abort his petty revenge. Outside, he spots Maxwell trying to make a break for it with a briefcase. Seeing some value in it, Slyde snatches it from Maxwell and makes a break for it. Rockwell is furious because the records in that briefcase could ruin him.As Slyde makes his getaway, Peter Parker is walking his Aunt May to the bus. He apologizes to her again for not being there to protect Nathan. She tells Peter it's not his fault and supposes that family eventually drifts apart. The words cut Peter deep and he thinks it over as he watches the bus drive away. At that moment, Slyde has returned home and goes over the documents in Rockwell's briefcase. He finds two sets of papers, one that shows the Beemont losing money, while others show that the company is actually turning a profit and Rockwell is using it to launder money for the mob. Slyde considers turning over this information to the District Attorney but decides to use it for a more fitting revenge against Rockwell. Back at the Beemont office, Rockwell is expecting the thief to call and blackmail him. Sure enough, Slyde calls and demands a large sum of money in exchange for returning the papers. Rockwell makes arrangements but has no intention of paying the money, and orders Max to hire as many men as he can to eliminate Slyde and get the papers back.The following afternoon, Spider-Man happens upon some hoods in an alley marveling over the job they have been hired to do. As they flee, Spider-Man manages to snag one of them. He demands to know who attacked Nathan. However, the thug doesn't know anything about it, but spills all he knows about the hit taken out on Slyde. Spider-Man can't bring himself to stand by and allow someone get hurt, even a criminal like Slyde. The evening, as Slyde is making his exchange with Maxwell, Spider-Man silently takes out the hired guns. The exchange is made, and Maxwell orders his men to attack. While Spider-Man takes out the last of the guards, both Maxwell and Slyde try to make their escape. When Spider-Man tries to stop Maxwell's getaway car with a web-line, Slyde comes in and kicks out the tire. Before Spider-Man can stop Slyde, District Attorney Blake Tower and the police arrive and inform the wall-crawler that Slyde is under their protection. As it turns out, Slyde recorded Maxwell admitting to laundering money and is turning it in as states evidence. Even though he has handed this over, Slyde tries to pull a fast one by escaping with the money. When Spider-Man tries to stop Slyde, he still can't capture the crook and he manages to get away.Meanwhile, at a Native American reservation near Heartsdale, New Mexico, members of the tribe meet with their leader, Joseph Threetrees. He has determined that the time of great bloodshed and chaos is soon coming upon them. He then tells his people that he is going to see their protector and savior. Driving into the nearby city, Threetrees barges into the head office of Fireheart Enterprises. Entering his private office, he finds Thomas Fireheart watching footage of Spider-Man. He tells Thomas that the Puma is needed and he must fight along side Spider-Man to stop He-Who-Comes-From-Beyond.Several miles southwest of Hartsdale, New Mexico, Thomas Fireheart meets with his tribe's shaman for a mystic ceremony. The shaman explains to Fireheart that his destiny as the Puma is to slay the "One-Who-Comes-From-Beyond", known around the world as the Beyonder. Although Fireheart has his doubts about the old legends, he decides to go through the ceremony out of respect and transforming into his Puma form defeats his tribes best warriors by himself. Having succeeded in the final test, the shaman awards Thomas with a new costume and wishes him luck on his quest to destroy the Beyonder. Before he leaves, Thomas is recommended to seek the aid of Spider-Man in defeating their enemy, as their fates are intermingled.The next day in New York City, Spider-Man is web-slinging across town, his mind dwelling on the recent death of Jean DeWolf. His attention is brought to a group of thugs attacking two young men handing out pamphlets on the street corner and easily scares the thugs off. The young men thank Spider-Man for his help and offer him a button and reading material for their spiritual group of Cosmic Oneness. Spider-Man politely declines and when they mention their founder is one from "beyond", Spider-Man wonders if the Beyonder is responsible for the cult. As he web-slings across the city, he recalls how he was pulled into a secret war by the Beyonder and his recent encounter with the Beyonder that led to the Heroes for Hire building being turned into solid gold. He considers on the bright side how that incident netted him the golden notebook that could solve his financial woes, but also considers the guilt he feels for thinking of himself when taking it. Spider-Man finally arrives at his destination: Queens County Hospital where he scales the walls and changes into his guise of Peter Parker. There he checks to see how Nathan Lubensky is doing since being brought to the hospital following his heart attack. He is surprised to not only find his Aunt May there but most of the members of her boarding house for the elderly. As he visits, he overhears a news report about the Cosmic Oneness cult which features an interview with its executive director Barry Foxxe. Listening to how the cults mandate is for everyone to learn their true potential, Peter -- noting that his Aunt May is sporting the group's buttons -- feels uneasy about the cult and it's true intentions.Peter Parker is not the only one, as Thomas Fireheart arrives at JFK airport aboard his company jet. His considerable resources have made a connection between the Beyonder and the Cosmic Oneness cult. He considers the idea of seeking to work with Spider-Man, considering in their last encounter he was hired to kill the Wall-Crawler. Cosmic Oneness has also gained the interest of the Daily Bugle, whose new editor Kathryn Cushing demands results from her staff on the cult. When nobody has any answers to provide, she sends Ned Leeds and Lance Bannon to get the scoop on the cult. Peter notices that the new editor is still out to "get" him, giving important jobs to other photographers. Peter happens to notice when Betty confronts Ned and tells her husband that they need to talk. Ned angrily brushes her aside telling her that now is not the time and he will talk to her when his job is done if he bothers coming home that night. Later as Peter walks the streets, he thinks about how Betty has also been recently seeing Flash Thompson, and wonders if he has any right to get involved with Betty's personal life especially her affair with Flash. He feels guilty, however, as his knowledge of this affair makes him feel like he's an accomplice.When Peter arrives at his Soho apartment, he finds Mary Jane waiting for him and has completely forgotten that she has come by to help him repair the damages by the recent fire in his apartment. In the lobby, Mrs. Muggins reminds Peter that she intends to deduct the repair costs from the check he recently gave her and that his rent is also due. When Peter and Mary Jane get outside Peter's apartment, Peter's spider-sense goes off and when he opens the door he finds Thomas Fireheart in his apartment. When Fireheart politely asks Mary Jane to leaves, she realizes that this means business and leaves. Fireheart tosses Peter the golden notebook and tells him it shouldn't be left lying around. He then introduces himself as the Puma and tells him he knows that Peter is really Spider-Man (although he doesn't know, nor cares to know what Peter's name is).As Peter is shocked by this revelation, across the street from the Daily Bugle, Ned Leeds and Lance Bannon wait to watch the front door of their place of employment. When Ned sees Betty exit and meets up with Flash Thompson, giving him a hug, Ned has seen as he needs and storms off.Back at Peter's apartment, Thomas offers to pay him a thousand dollars to help him slay the Beyonder. Peter finds this offer crazy and does not accept the money to murder someone -- even a potential threat like the Beyonder. However, he does agree to tag along to make sure that the Puma is doing the right thing. Dawning his black costume, Spider-Man joins the Puma, who tells him all the information regarding the Beyonder he has learned. He explains that the Beyonder, under the alias "Frank" was involved with crook Vinnie Corbo before apparently being involved with the Cosmic Oneness cult, but has yet to determine the extent of the Beyonder's involvement with its operations.With blueprints on the brownstone the cult is located in, the two super-beings climb in through the electrical system. As they travel along, the Puma begins tracking Barry Foxxe, thinking that he might be the Beyonder. Along the way, Spider-Man thinks to himself and wonders if killing the Beyonder is the right thing to do. When Foxxe is alone, Puma decides to go down and determine if he is the Beyonder and land a killing blow. When Spider-Man hesitates, the Puma goes down alone. As Spidey struggle to make up his mind to stop Puma or not, the Puma determines that Foxxe is not really the Beyonder. When Foxxe detects the Puma's presence, he is surprised at first, but not frightened. When Foxxe confirms that the Beyonder was responsible for helping set up the cult, he happily provides them with the Beyonder's home address.Outside, Spider-Man has decided that he has no desire to be party to murder and gives Puma directions to the Beyonder's home before departing. As the Puma begins his travels he once more questions the validity of his quest, considering his company has important business deals in Japan. Before he can reach the Beyonders home, the Beyonder appears before him and expresses how interesting he finds the Puma to be. Telling Fireheart that he couldn't possibly kill him unless he allowed it, the Beyonder decides to help Puma out by transporting him to Japan to deal with his business there. Puma is shocked at the power the Beyonder has. Rushing to the Japanese branch of Fireheart Industries, he places a call to Jenna Taylor at head office and arranges to have his passport (with forged entry stamps to avoid issues with customs) to be sent to him in Japan.A week later, as Peter Parker and Mary Jane begin repainting Peter's apartment, they are interrupted by the arrival of Thomas Fireheart. Taking a cue, Mary Jane heads out, but not before Fireheart gifts her with an authentic Japanese kimono. Once more alone, Fireheart explains to Peter that he was teleported to Japan and spent the entire week trying to get back to America. Having realized the full power and threat of the Beyonder, Fireheart offers Peter 100 thousand dollars to help him kill the Beyonder. Peter, having had enough tells Fireheart he is crazy, that the Beyonder could snuff them out with a thought and says that if he's listening all you need to do is yell "Hey Beyonder!"... Before Peter can say any more the Beyonder appears in his apartment asking Peter what he wants.This story continues in Peter Parker, The Spectacular Spider-Man #111...Following his failed attempt at eliminating the Beyonder, Thomas Fireheart returns to his tribe to advise his uncle of his failure. When his uncle tells him that he suspected that the Puma would fail, he hopes that if their agent of death could not stop the Beyonder then perhaps an agent of light could instead.Many trillions of miles into space, the Beyonder floats in the void considering if he should destroy all existence or not. Considering how he had failed to find fulfillment his rage causes upheaval across the cosmos. When a legion of alien races attack the Beyonder, their most powerful weapon has no effect on him. In anger, the One From Beyond not only eradicates his attackers from existence -- he also destroys their home worlds and the worlds of every race that ever interacted with them. As a final touch to his punishment he erases all memory of these wiped out races from existence as well.In his hellish netherworld, Mephisto watches over this and becomes angry that the Beyonder has snuffed out so many billions of lives and every soul is denied to him. With the Beyonder's consideration to destroy the universe approaching, Mephisto begins plotting to find a way to stop him as the destruction of all that is will end his existence as well. As he plots he is suddenly visited by the Beyonder himself who detected his thoughts and came to start his destruction by wiping out Mephisto's realm. Mephisto however begins discussing the Beyonder's origins and history, how he came to Earth and the cosmic powers that be could not stop him however Dr. Strange sent him on the path to enlightenment. However after the Puma failed to destroy him and the Molecules Man's betrayal he has come to the conclusion that existence must be wiped out. However, Mephisto appeals to the Beyonder, telling him that there must be some who are worth living that he has met on his travels. When the Beyonder admits that he has met a few, Mephisto makes a wager with him: Pitting one of these beings against one of his own forces of evil to grant the multiverse a reprieve.The Beyonder agrees to this wager, but on his own terms: He decides that if Mephisto's champion of good wins he will let everything continue to exist for another 24 hours. He then selects the Spider-Man as Mephisto's champion and selects the demon Zarathos as his, promising Zarathos if he succeeds he will be free from Mephisto's imprisonment until he destroys the universe. After the Beyonder dispatches Zarathos to Earth, the two begin monitoring the contest from a screen created by the Beyonder.Peter Parker is at the hospital with Aunt May, Anna and Mary Jane Watson visiting Nathan Lubensky -- who is still recovering following his heart attack. After they depart, Peter is invited to go see the Christmas Show at Radio City with the others, but with a freelance assignment with the Bugle reaching its deadline, Peter declines and departs. As he changes into his Spider-Man costume and web-slings across the city, Peter's mind wanders to his worries about Nathan's hospital bills, his lack of money and the bind he is for buying Christmas gifts for Aunt May. He soon arrives at a warehouse where the Bugle was tipped off about a car ring that was about to be busted by the NYPD. As Spider-Man snaps photographs, he overhears the crooks plotting to assassinate the Kingpin that evening at 6:00 when he goes for his regular dinner at the Century Club. Before Spider-Man can learn any more about he attempt the police bust in and arrest the crooks. As Spider-Man silently leaves the scene he thinks to himself how the assassination of the Kingpin would be for the better of the city, but his sense of responsibility cannot allow someone -- even someone as evil as the Kingpin -- to be murdered in cold blood. As the Wall-Crawler swings away he is suddenly confronted by the visage of Zarathos who envelops him in a cloud of brimstone causing him to drop down to the rooftops. As Spider-Man regains his bearings his Spider-Sense goes off and he is shocked to see that he is being attacked by his old foe the Green Goblin. Thinking it is an impostor, Spider-Man is even more shocked when he manages to unmask the Goblin and sees that it is Norman Osborn. Unable to believe that Osborn is still alive, Spidey struggles with his attacker until the Goblin crashes into the side of a building. Jumping to safety, Spider-Man is disorientated by the attack and wonders if what happened was real and decides to go home and rest before dropping his photos off at the Bugle and then investigating the potential assassination of the Kingpin. As Spider-Man heads for home, Mephisto becomes worried that Spider-Man is already beginning to doubt himself and begins marshaling his powers in order to cheat so that Spider-Man wins.With his traditional red and blue costume reeking of brimstone, Peter puts his black costume on under his civvies and goes to sleep. As he rests he has a dream that he is visited by his parents who express their disappointment that Peter has dropped out of college. When Peter tries to talk sense into his parents they turn into demonic figures and blast him with hellfire. Peter wakes up and goes to the bathroom. He feels ill and sees that he has strange boils growing on his face. Mephisto begins to feel angry that the Beyonder is gloating over the current state of the contest. As Mephisto continues to plot some cheat, one of his slaves notices what he is up to and decides to rally the others -- deciding that oblivion is better than being forever tormented by Mephisto.As the Kingpin finishes his daily affairs, Peter is walking the streets trying to get to a doctor but his strength fails him and he almost collapses. A police officer helps Peter into the back of his squad car and goes to drive him to the hospital. Peter is shocked to see that the office is the late George Stacy, who berates Peter for allowing him to die. To Peter's horror, Stacy transforms into a demon and the squad car into a demonic chariot and flies off into the sky. Even though Peter is sick, he manages to break free, denying any fault for Stacy's death -- hanging onto the idea that there was nothing he could do to save his life. As he falls to the city below he happens to see his dead former love Gwen Stacy falling also. Coming to his wits, Peter manages to save her unlike on that fateful day when she was murdered by the Green Goblin. However, Gwen tells him that she is already dead and it's his fault for not being able to save her. She suddenly transforms into a bird creature and flies away, leaving Peter alone and begging her to come back.Peter's grief is interrupted by Zarathos who confronts him and attacks him openly. Stripping off his civilian clothing and putting on his costume, Spider-Man is prepared to fight off his demonic attacker. As the fight rages, the Kingpin prepares to leave for his appointed rendezvous at the Century Club. Spider-Man gains the upper hand in battle and manages to unmask Zarathos, but is once more surprised when Zarathos' face resembles that of his late Uncle Ben. "Ben" blasts Peter with hellfire and begins demanding that he toss away his morality, his sense of responsibility, and start thinking only of himself.Despite the pain and flooding him with images of all those who have suffered as a result of his career as Spider-Man, Peter does not relent and refuses to give in. Thinking Spider-Man is about to fail, Mephisto is about to use his powers to help him when he is attacked by his minions, forcing him to use his power to fight them off instead. The Beyonder remarks that he knew of Mephisto's plot all along and refused to act. Fighting off the hellfire, Spider-Man then attacks Zarathos, banishing him away with a single punch. As the 6 o'clock hour tolls near, Spider-Man gathers his strength and manages to prevent the Kingpin from being shot by a rooftop sniper. When the police arrive on the roof, Spider-Man escapes angry that the Kingpin will never know -- or care if he did -- that he had saved his life. As he heads to the Daily Bugle to drop off his pictures he wonders if maybe he should revisit his morals and values.With the contest over, the Beyonder tells Mephisto that he has won a 24-hour reprieve for all existence. The Beyonder departs telling Mephisto that he will give the multiverse some consideration but warns the Lord of Lies to enjoy it while it lasts as he will likely destroy everything.The Hobgoblin is testing out a new device added to his arsenal, a button on his chest that makes his finger blasters fire randomly. He hopes this will give him an edge over Spider-Man's spider-sense. The Rose is happy to hear the Hobgoblin is pleased with the new weapon but reminds him that they have other priorities. The Hobgoblin assures the Rose that he won't let his personal vendetta against the wall-crawler interfere with their plans to oust the Kingpin.Meanwhile, Peter Parker is accompanying his Aunt May back to her boarding house in Forest Hills with Nathan Lubenski who has just been released from the hospital. When they arrive they discover that May's other tenants have prepared a surprise party for Nathan's return. Among the party guests is Mary Jane Watson, who is glad she was invited. When she sees Peter sulking in another room she asks him what's wrong. He tells her how he failed to protect Nathan as Spider-Man and has decided to give up his costumed identity for good. Meanwhile, elsewhere in the city, some of the Kingpin's men are collecting money from one of their bookies. As they leave with a briefcase full of money they are attacked by the Hobgoblin who steals the briefcase and escapes. At that moment, Sha Shan is calling the Daily Bugle and asks to speak to Peter Parker. Her phone call is cut off by her boyfriend, Flash Thompson who hangs up the phone. He accuses her of seeing Peter Parker behind his back. She denies it, and reveals that she knows about his affair with Betty Leeds. When she asks him where his sense of shame is, he slaps her across the face. Realizing what he's done, Flash bolts from the apartment.Elsewhere, Peter and Mary Jane are going for a walk so they can talk more about his decision to quit being Spider-Man. He tells her that another reason that has motivated him was his recent encounters with the Beyonder, which brought out a lot of old memories and feelings. When Mary Jane questions why he would after such a long time, she realises that she never been told how Peter became Spider-Man. Peter snaps at Mary Jane, reminding her that she never wanted to know anything about his alter-ego after she revealed she knew his double identity. Mary Jane admits that Peter is right, but tells him that she is asking now.Peter then begins to tell her how he became Spider-Man...


The following reprints the events of Amazing Fantasy #15



A shy, unassuming high-school student, Peter Parker prefers the company of his teachers to that of his classmates, who call him "Midtown High's only professional wallflower." His only living relatives, Uncle Ben and Aunt May, think the world of 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 	  him.
One evening, while attending a demonstration of radioactivity at General Techtronics Laboratories East, Parker fails to notice a spider drop through a "radioactive ray" and receive a massive dose of radiation. It bites him and dies. Light-headed, Parker leaves the demonstration, only to be nearly run over by a car. He leaps to safety but is surprised to find he has jumped much further than intended&#8212;he lands on the side of a building and clings to the bricks by his fingertips. He quickly climbs to the roof and, once there, accidentally crumples a steel pipe in his hand. He believes that he has inherited the spider's speed, strength, and climbing ability. He begins to ponder the possibilities.Shortly thereafter, Parker sees a wrestling ring and a sign: "$100 to the man who can stay in the ring three minutes with Crusher Hogan." He goes home, changes, puts on a hood, and returns to the ring. Hogan laughingly calls Parker the "Masked Marvel," but Parker lifts Hogan over his head and carries him up a post. Afterward, a man in the crowd introduces himself to Parker as a television producer, encourages him to go into show business, and gives him his card.At home, Parker makes himself a spider-themed costume, a supply of sticky web fluid, and two jets for his wrists that can shoot the fluid. "Here comes the Spider-Man!" he says.The Spider-Man appears on television and becomes a celebrity. One evening, he goes backstage and finds a guard chasing a thief. Spider-Man lets the thief escape and, when the guard complains, tells him, "That's your job! I'm thru being pushed around ... by anyone!"Some days later, Parker returns home and learns from a policeman that a burglar has killed his Uncle Ben. The police have cornered the man in the deserted Acme warehouse. Parker dons his costume and swings to the scene.

Once inside, he frightens the man by crawling down the wall toward him. Parker then covers his gun hand with web fluid and knocks him unconscious. When he sees the man's face, he recognizes the thief who got away at the studio. He wraps the burglar in webbing and leaves him for the police to find. Shocked, Peter realizes that, if he had caught the burglar, his Uncle Ben would still be alive. He eventually learns that with great power comes great responsibility.

By the time Peter is finished his story, he and Mary Jane are in Central Park. Peter explains that even though he learned a valuable lesson the night his Uncle Ben died, he still couldn't protect those he loved. He recounts how Gwen Stacy was killed during his battle with the Green Goblin, how Nathan Lubenski was recently beaten, and the more recent murder of Jean DeWolff, and how his hunt for the Sin-Eater led to people getting hurt in the crossfire. This was the final straw, he realized that while he was fighting the Sin-Eater, and people were getting hurt, he was telling jokes. Mary Jane wishes there is something she could do to ease Peter's pain. She thinks to herself that part of the reason she always admited him was due to his commitment to responsibility. Now that he is acting more like her, running away from his problems, she wonders what this will mean to both of them.Meanwhile, at the Daily Bugle, Betty Leeds fails to reach either Flash Thompson or her husband Ned on the phone. When Joe Robertson approaches her with some more work he can't help but notice how upset she is. He asks her what's the matter and Betty confides in him her recent marital problems. She is upset because of all the secret assignments that Joe has been giving him of late, which has taken time away from their marriage. This comes as a shock to Joe, because he doesn't have any idea what Ned's been telling her. Elsewhere, Sha Shan is packing her bags, planning on leaving Flash for good. Her packing is interrupted by Ned Leeds who has come to talk to her about her boyfriend. Learning that Flash isn't around, Ned spots a bus ticket and tells her that should she see Thompson again to tell him they need to talk about some deadly serious business. While at that moment, the Kingpin is informed of the latest theft by the Hobgoblin and the Rose. The Kingpin tells the Arranger he will do nothing for now, but thinks to himself that if the Rose is who he thinks he is, then there may be all-out war before this is all over.At that moment, Flash Thompson is wondering where he went wrong in life. The former football star and war hero hasn't been able to have a stable relationship since he returned home and wonders who he can trust. Flash is then spotted by Ned Leeds who confronts Thompson about seeing his wife Betty. In response, Flash tells Leeds that he is the one responsible for pushing his wife away and takes him down with a single punch. As Flash runs back into the apartment he shares with Sha Shan, Ned vows to make Flash pay. Inside his apartment, Flash discovers that Sha Shan has packed up all her things and left. Moments later, the Hobgoblin appears from the rooftops, trying to contain his anger. Wanting to flush out Spider-Man, he goes to the local bus terminal. There he incapacitates the security guards and then spots Sha Shan in the crowd. He decides that she will make the ideal hostage and grabs the woman before she can run away. Back at Peter Parker's apartment, Mary Jane tries to talk Peter out of giving up being Spider-Man. When he turns on the television and sees the report about the Hobgoblin, he decides to let someone else handle his foe for a change. Horrified by this, Mary Jane asks Peter what happened to his sense of responsibility.This strikes a chord with Peter and he changes into Spider-Man to face the Hobgoblin once again. Spider-Man tries to convince the Hobgoblin to let Sha Shan go, but he refuses since it prevents the wall-crawler from fighting him head on. When the Hobgoblin tosses a pumpkin bomb, Spider-Man dodges the attack. Realizing that the bomb will land on the crowd below, Spider-Man catches it in a web-line and tosses it high in the air where it explodes harmlessly. When the Hobgoblin attempts to use his finger blaster, Spider-Man plugs it with webbing causing it to feedback. With no other choice, the villain threatens to throw Sha Shan to her death. This brings up memories of Gwen Stacy's death, Spider-Man leaps down and catches Sha Shan before swinging her to safety, hurting his shoulder in the process. He then goes after the Hobgoblin again, and this time the villain activates his random finger blaster. However, despite the new device, the wall-crawler is still able to dodge the blasts at first. Finally, the Hobgoblin clips Spider-Man's arm and then blasts him clear in the chest, knocking Spider-Man onto his back. Stunned by the blow, Spider-Man is now helpless as the Hobgoblin moves in for the kill.The Hobgoblin believes he has defeated Spider-Man and is about to fire a killing jolt from his finger blaster. However, Spider-Man was playing possum and rolls out of danger at the last moment. Spider-Man is in no mood to have a prolonged battle; all he wants to do is take down the Hobgoblin so he can end his career as Spider-Man. When he comes in for a close-up attack, the Hobgoblin is ill-prepared for such a fight and tries to use his pumpkin bombs to keep Spider-Man at bay. Spider-Man then strikes him in the face with a ball of webbing. In order to see again, the Hobgoblin is forced to remove his mask. Fearing his identity will be exposed, the Hobgoblin flees. Seeing his enemy go, Spider-Man is furious because he didn't even get a close enough look at his enemy before he was out of range. Spider-Man returns to his apartment but sees that Candi, Bambi, and Mandi are on the roof building a pigeon roost, preventing him from using his skylight to return to his apartment. He briefly considers trying to get Mary Jane's attention from the window, but can't be sure his neighbors won't see him. Instead, Spider-Man goes to a payphone on the street to try and call her. However, when he discovers that he doesn't have a quarter, Spider-Man asks a man on the street for one. At first, the man thinks it is a homeless person begging for change, but is quick to give the wall-crawler the quarter when he realizes who is asking.After a quick phone call, Mary Jane meets Spider-Man in a nearby alley with a change of clothing. She is uneasy watching Peter change out of his costume, but he assures her that he wasn't seriously injured. When he thanks her for helping, she tells him not to mention it. At Cornell University Medical Center, Sha Shan is visited by her ex-boyfriend Flash Thompson, following her encounter with the Hobgoblin. She is happy to see him as she thought that the masked villain might kill him. However, he isn't so happy to see her and demands to know why she had packed up all her things. She is furious to learn that he wasn't interested in her wellbeing and slaps him. She tells him to get out and to never see her again. Before Flash gets rough with her, an officer walks in on them and tells Flash to get out. On his way out, Flash is stopped by reporters. When they ask him his opinion on the Hobgoblin, Flash calls the villain a coward and dares him to face him one-on-one. Among the people watching this on the news is fashion designer Roderick Kingsley, as well as the staff at the Daily Bugle. Lance Bannon calls Thompson a loudmouth before being told to go back to work by Joe Robertson. Hearing the news, Betty Leeds worries what might happen to Thompson should the Hobgoblin hear his threats.Later that day, the Rose calls his associate to find out what he thinks of the news. The Hobgoblin isn't bothered. The Hobgoblin ends the call and turns his attention to destroying Spider-Man. Across town at the Bwainstein Psychiatric Center for the Criminally Maladjusted, two employees bring a tray of garbage for the Human Fly, who has been a patient at the facility since his last capture. However, when they enter the criminal's cell they discover that he has broken free. The Human Fly is now flying across the city, seeking to get revenge against Spider-Man. Back at his apartment, Peter Parker is changing into a fresh costume so he can go back out hunting the Hobgoblin. Mary Jane thinks this is insane and asks why he needs to do this. He explains that the Hobgoblin is his responsibility. Mary Jane asks him what he will do the next time another one of Spider-Man's foes returns, but Peter has no answer for her. Finally, in his costume, Peter heads out to find the Hobgoblin. Mary Jane is upset and decides to leave, not wanting to be around and watch Peter destroy himself.Elsewhere, Flash Thompson watches some kids play football and once again wonders where he went wrong in life. He thinks about how he screwed things up with Sha Shan and wonders if Betty is only using him to get back at her husband. His thoughts are interrupted by someone whose appearance comes as a shock to Flash. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is swinging across the city when his spider-sense goes off. He wonders if it's the Hobgoblin, but it is actually the Human Fly. Before the villain can attack, a garbage man shoots him in the back from behind. The garbage man shouts "Justice is served", the battle cry of the Scourge of the Underworld. By this time, Spider-Man is attacked by the Hobgoblin, leading to a chase across the city. The Hobgoblin lures Spider-Man to the docks so he can unleash the full fury of his finger blasts and pumpkin bombs. Expecting an explosion, Spider-Man dodges one bomb, but instead, it sprays him with a gas that nullifies his wall-crawling abilities. This does little to shake the hero, who uses his webbing to whip a metal pipe at his foe. As the Hobgoblin dodges the projectile, Spider-Man leaps in for the attack.The Hobgoblin fights him off and flees into a warehouse. Here, the Hobgoblin blasts a hole in the floor and knocks Spider-Man into the basement. There, the villain blasts wildly and hits a nearby furnace igniting the gas, causing a massive explosion. Spider-Man finds who he thinks is the Hobgoblin, knocked out from the explosion. Spider-Man grabs his foe and unmasks him and is shocked to discover that the Hobgoblin is apparently Flash Thompson. The police arrive and arrest Flash Thompson before Spider-Man can make sense of this revelation. Later, the police get a warrant to search Flash's home and find all sorts of Hobgoblin weapons and costumes. This is observed from a window by Spider-Man, who finds it hard to believe that Flash could possibly be his deadliest enemy. Meanwhile, at his secret hideout, the real Hobgoblin puts away his costume, his latest scheme complete. He decides to lay low for a while, letting Thompson take the fall for his crimes.Peter Park is finding it difficult to believe that Flash Thompson is actually the Hobgoblin, even though he unmasked the villain himself. Although Flash was his tormenter in high school, Peter recalls how Flash started the first Spider-Man fan club. Eventually, the pair put their pasts behind them and became good friends. Even though Thompson has had his share of personal problems, he still can't bring himself to accept the apparent truth. Suddenly, Mary Jane comes rushing into Peter's apartment, she came as soon as she read the news about Flash. She demands that he does something, and asks if he really had something to do Flash's capture before he can answer the phone rings. It's Matt Murdock, who sounds terrible. Fearing that Peter's phone may be tapped, Murdock asks Peter to meet him. Soon, Peter arrives at a rescue mission in Hell's Kitchen, where Sister Maggie takes him to see Murdock. Peter is shocked to see the Daredevil, and successful lawyer Matt Murdock living in a shelter. When Peter asks what happened, Matt explains that the Kingpin somehow discovered that he was really Daredevil, and has been doing everything in his power to destroy his life. He then warns Peter that the Kingpin might also know that he is secretly Spider-Man. When Peter suggests that Matt fight back in his capacity as a lawyer, Murdock explains how the Kingpin had him disbarred and has turned every organization against him.Matt explains that he is getting his strength back, but Parker is the only person he can truly trust. However, Murdock warns Peter against going after the Kingpin at this time because he wants to be the person to bring him down. Murdock demands that Peter promise him, and Parker reluctantly agrees. After he leaves, Peter feels bad for Murdock, as he has never seen someone fall so hard. However, regardless of his promise to Murdock, Peter decides to find out if the Kingpin has somehow discovered his own identity as well. Slipping into an alley, Peter changes into Spider-Man and swings toward the Kingpin's skyscraper. Soon at the Kingpin's lair, the master criminal declines to hear the Arranger's latest reports so he can do some paperwork of his own. Once in his office, he hears the sound of Spider-Man webbing up his door in the darkness. He tells Spider-Man to come out and tell him what the hero wants. Spider-Man tells the Kingpin that he has seen the current state Daredevil is in and he is not happy. The Kingpin plays coy, denying any responsibility for Daredevil's misfortunes suggesting that the heroes obsessions with him have drove him mad. When the Kingpin tries to reach for his cane, Spider-Man webs it to the side of his desk, knowing that it has hidden weapons inside.The Kingpin assures Spider-Man that he is way out of his league and that the hero actually is more of a help but a hindrance. The Kingpin then reaches for the phone, but Spider-Man quickly blocks his hand. He then begins moving toward the secret exit, telling Spider-Man that he helps weed out petty criminals for ones that are viable in his organization. Before he can make his escape, the wall-crawler blocks Fisk's path. The Kingpin then explains that Spider-Man serves his needs, that everytime the hero saves the city he is ensuring that money continues to flow into the Kingpin's pockets. He then muses that Spider-Man is so helpful, he should put him on the payroll. This angers the wall-crawler but his warnings to stop pushing are ignored, as the Kingpin knows that Spider-Man will not strike him first. Spider-Man realizes that he made a mistake coming to see the Kingpin and thinking of him like some common thug. The wall-crawler then concludes subtle means will not stop the Kingpin. When he is asked to leave, Spider-Man then leaps out the window and swings away, warning the Kingpin that one day he will make a mistake and when that day happens he will be there.When the Kingpin sits in his chair, he discovers that Spider-Man had placed webbing on the seat, making him stuck. The Kingpin calls his secretary and orders that he not be disturbed for the next two hours, under penalty of death. Alone with his thoughts, the Kingpin wagers that if anyone will make a mistake first, it will be Spider-Man.The Scourge of the Underworld is dressing up like a security guard as he listens to radio reports about Flash Thompson being outed as the Hobgoblin, as well as his predecessor's recent slaughter of 18 super-villains. Scourge finishes his disguise by putting a mask over his face before looking over the most recent edition of the Daily Bugle, which has a front-page story on Flash Thompson's arrest. Also looking at this newspaper is Peter Parker, who is at the offices of the Daily Bugle. He is congratulated by rival photographer Lance Bannon for getting the front page photo of the Thompson arrest. However, Peter finds it hard to feel good about this photo considering his past history with Flash. That's when Betty Leeds tells Peter that Joe Robertson wants to see him. When he tries to give his sympathies to Betty over what happened to Flash, she snaps at him, figuring he is just another person who stabbed him in the back. Peter wonders why he feels the need to help Flash, considering the Hobgoblin has done nothing but try to kill him. When Peter enters Joe's office he sees that Kate Cushing and Ned Leeds are also waiting for him there. Kate tells Peter that since he has a history with Flash Thompson they want him to interview him. Considering the alternative, the piece being written by the less than sympathetic Ned Leeds, Peter agrees to take the job. After Peter and Kate leave, Joe reminds Ned to keep his objectivity in light of his obvious animosity toward Thompson. When Joe asks him what the deal is, Ned tells his editor that until the issue affects his work, it's none of the editor-in-chief's business. As Ned storms out of the office, Joe wonders what happened to a previously level-headed individual like Ned Leeds.Meanwhile, at the New York Port Authority, Brian DeWolff disembarks from the bus. His future actions will cause nothing but trouble in the life of Flash Thompson in the near future. Later, Peter Parker is heading to the police station where Flash Thompson is being held. He thinks about how Flash went from being his tormenter in high school to one of his best friends in recent times. When he arrives he is greeted outside by Sharon Banks, Flash's court-appointed lawyer. As Peter and Sharon enter the prison, Peter's spider-sense goes off, alerting him to a police officer approaching the police station. Peter dismisses this warning, unaware that the isn't a real police officer, but the Scourge of the Underworld. Inside the interrogation room, Peter asks Sharon how Flash intends to plead. She isn't sure, but she hopes if he pleads innocent, he has the support of his friends. Peter is behind himself, wondering if he can fully trust Flash. If he is the Hobgoblin, Peter wonders, is he not criminally responsible due to insanity? That's when Sharon snaps Peter out of his thought and asks him if he intends to support Flash. Soon they are collecting their visitor's badges and are about to cross through a metal detector when Peter suddenly remembers he is wearing his web-shooters. Fearing they might set off the metal detectors, Peter excuses himself and rushes to the washroom.There, he considers the idea of making his web-shooters out of something other than metal to avoid this in the future. Ducking into one of the stalls, he makes a web sack for his web-shooters and then hides them above the ceiling tiles. Suddenly, Peter's spider-sense goes off once again, however, there is no apparent danger. He figures he is probably still skittish about being in a police station after the Sin-Eater affair. Meanwhile, from a hotel room across the street from the police station, Brain DeWolff watches the officers on the street go about their business. He is angry that they are not mourning the recent death of his sister and has decided to make them pay. Blaming the police for her sister's death, he Brian puts on his Wraith costume and uses his mental powers to shatter the door to his hotel room. By this point, Peter Parker is interviewing Flash Thompson. Flash laments about how his life has gone into a downward spiral. How he lost Sha Shan, Betty, and his freedom and how the only person who is on his side is the same kid he used to torment in high school. Peter recalls how he and Flash had a talk about Thompson's bullying not that long ago. Peter admits Flash's assessment that he was standoffish in high school but reminds Flash that he made his life miserable for years. He then reminds Flash that when the two once boxed, Peter knocked him out in a single blow.Flash asks if Peter has come to gloat, but Peter assures him that regardless of their past he is there as a friend. Flash appreciates it and hopes that Peter isn't just saying that to get a story for the Daily Bugle. He then begins detailing what had happened to him. Later, as a police officer named Jack Brennan enters the washroom, Scourge slips into the washroom after him. When Peter and Sharon are on their way out, Peter heads to the washroom to retrieve his web-shooters. When the Scourge comes out of the washroom, he triggers Peter's spider-sense again. He once again ignores it, until he finds the real Jack Brennan knocked out in the washroom. Climbing into the ventilation system, Peter changes into Spider-Man and uses his spider-sense to follow the danger. He manages to drop in on Scourge before he can shoot Flash Thompson in his cell. While Spider-Man is fighting off Flash's would-be killer, Thompson remarks how Spider-Man is still risking his life even though he knows why Flash is in jail. Suddenly, the fight is interrupted by the arrival of some police officers, who attack Spider-Man thinking he is assaulting a real police officer.While Spider-Man is busy, the Scourge opens the prison cells and tells the prisoners who he really is. As they flee from Scourge, they run right into the fight between Spider-Man and the police, causing a full-on riot. The police begin using tear gas, allowing Spider-Man the cover needed to escape through the ventilation shaft. While outside, the Wraith incapacitates a police officer with his mental powers and is about to kill him when suddenly the Scourge comes out of one of the doors. Having heard the Wraith's death threat, Scourge shoots him dead, declaring that justice is served before fleeing into the evening. Spider-Man exits shortly thereafter finding the dead body of the Wraith as well as Scourge's discarded mask. Before the wall-crawler can figure out what is going on, the officers inside catch up with him, forcing Spider-Man to retreat. As he swings away, Flash's near brush with death makes Peter realize that Flash is his friend and needs his support regardless what the truth of the situation is.Later, the real Hobgoblin is reading the newspaper on the patio of the Rose's penthouse apartment. When the Rose tells the Hobgoblin about the recent attempt on Flash Thompson's life, the Hobgoblin finds it amusing. When the Rose asks why the Hobgoblin chose Flash Thompson as his fall guy, the Goblin responds by saying "why not?" before flying away.Silver Sable and her Wildpack have answered a distress call from some of her operatives. They arrive too late to help, but fortunately, there were no fatalities. Sable appears unemotional about the injuries sustained and tells her team to assist the injured. The injured completely fill an entire floor of Cornell University Medical Center, much to the frustration of her uncle Mortimer. Demanding answers regarding the expense, Mortimer intrudes on one of Sable's training sessions. After Sable finishes training with a group of ninjas, she explains to her Uncle Morty that her men were injured tries to bring an international terrorist to justice. Twenty minutes later Silver Sable and her men sit in on a review on their current target, the man known as Jason Macendale. Macendale was a former member of the US Marines and the CIA before becoming a soldier of fortune, specializing in terrorism. He eventually developed the costumed identity of Jack O'Lantern leading to clashes with both Machine Man and Spider-Man. After the briefing, Silver Sable assures her uncle that her unit will not need any further assistance from Symkaria to complete their mission. This is a relief to Mortimer, who worries what would happen if the ruling council discovered that the Wildpack has gone from hunting Nazi war criminals to anyone for the right price. When they get into Sable's office she is brought a bouquet of flowers that were delivered to the embassy. When she realizes they are orchids, she quickly tosses the vase out the window where the flowers explode harmlessly. She then gets a phone call from the sender who asks Sable if she enjoyed the flowers. After the call ends, she tells her assistants to compose themselves so she can move on with their manpower shortage. The next morning, J. Jonah Jameson is upset to discover that Silver Sable International requesting the assistance of Spider-Man and is offering a generous pay for him to do a job. Jameson scolds the director of advertising for running the add without his say so, however, Jameson decides to let it slide when he learns that Sable paid double the premium ad rate. When Jameson asks Joe Robertson where Peter Parker is, Joe explains that he hasn't been able to reach Parker for days.Jameson isn't the only person looking for Peter Parker, Mary Jane is trying to call him again while she has a free moment during her current modeling gig at Kingsley Limited. She is worried because she also hasn't heard from him in days. She wishes she didn't really know that Peter was secretly Spider-Man for moments like this. She also wonders what is going on with their relationship as she doesn't understand where things are anymore. Her thoughts are interrupted by Janice, another model, who has come to tell her that Roderick Kingsley wants to see all the models before they go on the runway. Elsewhere, at a local gym, some thugs are reading Silver Sable's advertisement calling for Spider-Man. They are put in line by their current employer, Jack O' Lantern, who tells them that Spider-Man and Silver Sable are not foes to be underestimated. The last thing Jack wants is for Sable to procure Spider-Man's aid and wants to eliminate her immediately. Later, Silver Sable appears on the television show World News Weekly to once more send out her request for Spider-Man's aid. When the host asks why she needs Spider-Man's help, she declines to comment. After the interview, Sable decides to walk back to the embassy instead of taking the limo waiting for her outside.As she walks she thinks about how the Wild Pack was formed to hunt Nazis, but the group has to change with the times. If she doesn't get ahold of Spider-Man quickly, she will have to send a request back to Symkaria to have more men sent. Suddenly, some robbers run out of a liquor store after making a heist. Sable watches as one of them shoots a woman dead in front of her daughter. This reminds Silver of the death of her own mother and leaps into action. She smashes into the getaway car and incapacitates the crooks. She then demands the driver tell her where to find their leader, a man called Snake. Silver Sable then rushes back to the Symkarian embassy where she tells her uncle to hold operations until she sees to personal business. Grabbing her weapons, she leaps out of the window and down to her car parked in the alley below. As Sable speeds off, her position is reported back to Jack O'Lanturn by the men he has staking out the embassy. Jack O'Lantern tells his minions to get ready as they will be attacking their target soon. While at a nearby police station, Flash Thompson continues to languish in a cell after being accused of being the Hobgoblin. Flash wonders where Peter Parker is, and thinks that Parker has abandoned him like everyone else.Meanwhile, Silver Sable has been tracked to a condemned tenement by Jack O'Lantern and his men. They are confused as to why Sable would come to such a place. Inside, Snake warns his other gang members that he was followed back by Sable and they begin searching the moldering tenement to find her. Sable begins taking out some of Snake's men when suddenly Jack O'Lantern's men come storming in. She knocks out a few of them and decides to wait and see what is going on. When Jack himself enters the building, he demands Snake tell him why Silver Sable is after him. The small-time crook has no idea why. Sable starts making short work of Jack O'Lantern's men, so the masked villain orders them outside while he deals with her. While the two fight, Snake manages to untie himself and tries to escape. Sable quickly tosses a gas heater at Jack, causing it to explode on his flaming head, shattering his helmet. Injured by the blast, Jack O'Lantern decides to flee the scene. Silver Sable finds herself choosing between Jack or Snake, with only one of her Chai's left. She uses it to knock out Snake instead, allowing Jack O'Lantern to escape. After the police arrive, Silver Sable returns to the embassy. There she tells her uncle that she captured some of Jack's minions. However, when he brings up the woman who was gunned down in the street earlier, she changes the subject and asks if Spider-Man has contacted them yet. When he tells her that the wall-crawler has not called, Sable is unimpressed and returns to her office.Meanwhile, in Temple Corners, Virginia, the National Guard is providing relief following a massive explosion caused by Roxxon. Among the survivors is Daily Bugle reporter Joy Mercado who came here to investigate a story with Peter Parker. Unfortunately, she lost track of Peter before the blast and fears that he might be trapped in the tunnels below or dead. As she worries about Peter, the fragments of a Spider-Man costume lays unseen among the smoldering rubble.Spider-Man and Silver Sable are on Coney Island fighting the Sinister Syndicate, a new group of supervillains consisting of the Beetle, Hydroman, Boomerang, the Rhino, and Speed Demon. The onslaught from the villains have the heroes on the defensive. While Sable deals with the Rhino and Boomerang, Spider-Man faces off against Boomerang and Beetle. When he is struck from below by Hydroman, the wall-crawler thinks back to how he first got into this mess..Spider-Man has returned to New York City after being lost in Virginia for the past few days. He has just found out about the full page advertisement Silver Sable has put in the Daily Bugle asking for his help. Spider-Man decides to see what Silver Sable wants and makes his way to the Symkarian embassy. There, Silver Sable is entertaining a Middle Eastern dignitary, however she cuts the meeting short when Spider-Man makes his presence known. Sable gets right down to business, telling Spider-Man that he is going to help her take down the international criminal known as Jack O'Lantern. This is the last thing Spider-Man wants to do as he wants to give up his career as a superhero. When he asks why she doesn't ask the Avengers or the Fantastic Four for help, she explains that they do not approve of mercenaries like her. Spider-Man refuses, even though she is offering to pay him a substantial sum of money. Spider-Man says that he doesn't fight for money, and when Sable presses him for an explanation, he tells her it is none of her business and leaves.Later, at the police jail, Flash Thompson pleads with his ex-girlfriend Sha Shan to help clear his name as he has been framed for being the Hobgoblin. However, Sha Shan refuses to help because Flash cheated on her with Betty Leeds. When Flash begs for her help, the guard tells him that this visit is over and he has another guest. As Sha Shan leaves the room she crosses paths with Betty Leeds, and gives her an icy stair. This is witnessed by Flash's lawyer, Sharon Banks, and when she ask to talk to Sha Shan, the scorned woman refuses to do so and leaves. That's when Peter Parker arrives and asks Sharon how things are going. Banks explains how bleak the situation looks. She also points out that a good defence will cost a lot of money for detectives to look into the true identity of the Hobgoblin. Later, Peter Parker comes to the conclusion that it doesn't matter if Flash is really the Hobgoblin or not, he is still Peter's friend and deserves a fair trial. With his mind made up, Parker changes back into Spider-Man and returns to the Symkarian embassy where he tells Silver Sable that he will accept her job. This is good news to Sable, who tells Spider-Man that the Jack O'Lantern just called her to tell her that he is hiding out on Coney Island. Spider-Man points out the obvious fact that this is a trap, Sable knows, hence why she wants Spider-Man to come along with her.... This is what lead to the battle that Spider-Man and Silver Sable find themselves in. By this point the Sinister Syndicate has regrouped and confronted both Spider-Man and Sable. They're looking forward to killing Spider-Man since they all have a vendetta against him. They also explain that they took on the job to kill Sable so they can get recognition in the international community. Silver Sable makes a run for it, getting chased by Boomerang and Beetle. She tries to take cover in a nearby video arcade, by the Beetle uses his hydrolic fingers to rip the roof off the building. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is ambushed by Hydroman and Speed Demon. Although Spider-Man manages to clothesline Speed Demon, it leaves him open to attack from the Rhino. Elsewhere, Jason Macendale, the man who is Jack O'Lantern, rides in a limo. He is pleased everything is going according to plan. While the Sinister Syndicate takes care of his enemies for him, he has time to hunt up some new business.At that moment, Betty Leeds is walking home after meeting Flash Thompson. All she can think about is how Sha Shan looked at her earlier and can't blame the woman. Despite this, she is torn between her marriage to Ned Leeds and her feelings for Flash Thompson. When she arrives at her apartment, she is shocked to see Ned leaving with a number of suitcases. Betty asks him to think about their marriage, but Ned points out that she hasn't. When he asks her if he is the man that she truly loves. When Betty can't give him a straight answer, it confirms the point Ned was getting at. He then gets in a cab and leaves his wife alone in her thoughts. Betty admits that she does love Ned Leeds, however she thinks that perhaps he didn't love him enough. While not far away from Coney Island, the Sandman has had another wonderful supper with his landlords, the Cassada family. After he offers to help the dishes, Mrs. Cassada tells "Sylvester Mann" that he already does enough around the house and that he should relax. The Sandman decides to take her up on this offer by going out to get some fresh air. As he walks down the street, the Sandman is happy with the peace he has found from going straight.Back at Coney Island, Silver Sable manages to get the drop on Boomerang, knocking him out with a single kick. When she is dive bombed by Beetle, she tries to shoot him with her gun. However, the bullets cannot pierce the villain's armor, forcing her to flee while she thinks of a way to defeat him. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is busy dodging the charges of the Rhino, spraining his shoulder in the process. When the wall-crawler mocks Rhino's new costume, he explains that he has returned to crime to try and get his Rhino costume removed through illegal surgeries, which require a lot of money. When Spider-Man knocks the Rhino down, he is then ambushed from behind by Hydroman. At that moment, Jason Macendale meets with the Kingpin to offer his services. However, after the Kingpin's disastrous experience with the mercenary known as Nuke, he is not interested in hiring another soldier of fortune. While at Kingsley Limited, Mary Jane tries once more to contact Peter Parker. When she gets no answer, she wonders if there is another woman in his life and is surprised to discover that bothers her more than it should. When its time to rehearsing the next day's runway show, she is asked to get Roderick Kingsley. She knocks on Kingsley's door and he tells her he will be along in a moment. Mary Jane can't help but notice that Roderick seems to spend a lot of time in his workroom and wonders what he does there. What Mary Jane is unaware of is the fact that Kingsley is entertaining someone who has a cache of pumpkin bombs. This man warns Kingsley about being careful, as they could both land in jail should someone learn the truth about them.In another part of the city, Jason Macendale tries to offer his services to the Rose. He offers the chance to either free the "Hobgoblin" from jail, or replace him. The Rose finds the proposition interesting and tells him that he will consider it. When Jason leaves, the Rose's minions ask if this was a wise idea. However, the Rose explains that he will use the situation to his advantage, such as using Jack O'Lantern and the Hobgoblin to kill each other. Back at Coney Island, Silver Sable is able to leap up and incapacitate the Beetle, however she is forced to land atop an elevating tower. Suspecting that she might have broke both of her ankles kicking the Beetle, Sable is too busy trying to control her pain to stop Speed Demon from activating the tower, sending her rocketing up to the top of the attraction. Despite his sprained shoulder, Spider-Man swings up and rescues her. They swing to the ground, evading attacks from Beetle and Boomerang. They take cover under an old wooden roller-coaster. Seeing this, the members of the Sinister Syndicate begin damaging the rickety old coaster in an attempt to bury Spider-Man and Silver Sable under tons of rubble. Witnessing the collapse of the roller-coaster is the Sandman, who wonders what could have caused it. While at that very moment the Hobgoblin gets a phone call from the Rose who tells him about Jack O'Lantern's offer. The Hobgoblin assures the Rose that he will do something about this development and hangs up the phone. However, he knows that the Rose is trying to instigate a battle between himself and Jack O'Lantern, which the Hobgoblin find amusing because he is planning to eliminate the Rose as well. Walking out in his civilian guise, the Hobgoblin bumps into Mary Jane Watson who recognises him as someone she knows. When she asks what's up, he explains that his life has been rather chaotic recently. Mary Jane takes the man by the arm, and insists that he tell her all about it. While back at Coney Island, Spider-Man pulls himself and Silver Sable out of the rubble of the collapsed roller-coaster. They are quickly surrounded by the members of the Sinister Syndicate, who are coming in for the kill. Hired by Jack O'Lantern to eliminate Silver Sable and Spider-Man, the members of the Sinister Syndicate have the pair surrounded after collapsing a wooden roller coaster at the site of Coney Island. Before the Beetle can land the killing blow, the Sinister Syndicate is attacked from behind by the Sandman who has arrived on the scene to investigate the collapse of the rollercoaster. The Beetle orders his comrades to attack the Sandman, which Hydroman is eager to do, since they have an old score to settle. While the Sandman keeps the villains at bay, Spider-Man carries Silver Sable to safety. As Sandman clashes with the Rhino and Hydroman, Spider-Man gets Silver Sable to cover. Sable wants to abort her mission as it is no longer profitable, but Spider-Man doesn't want to leave Sandman alone. When she balks at this, he tells her that he quits. Suddenly, his spider-sense warns him of the arrival of the Beetle and Boomerang, forcing them on the defensive again.Elsewhere in Manhattan, Jack O'Lantern explains to his men that the reason why he isn't tackling Silver Sable himself is that he has a more lucrative job to do. After putting on his gear, he swears to his minions that after this job they can expect more work coming in. While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson gets a preview of tomorrow's edition and discovers yet another story about the Hobgoblin. Wondering why Joe Robertson is focusing on old news like this, he decides to pay the editor-in-chief a visit in his office. Joe has lost track of time as he was looking over photos of the night the Hobgoblin was arrested. Looking at two different photos of the villain, he tells Jonah that they may have proof that Flash Thompson is not the Hobgoblin. While back at Coney Island, the Sandman is still holding his own against the Sinister Syndicate. However, the tide of battle turns when Speed Demon creates an air funnel with his super speed, threatening to disburse the Sandman's particular mass all over the place. Meanwhile, Spider-Man has stashed Silver Sable in a nearby Ferris wheel and tells her to stay put while he ends the battle. However, the woman refuses to stand back and do nothing. Using her bandana to bind her injured ankle, she slips down to the ground to do her part in the battle.While at the jail where Flash Thompson is being held until trial, Thompson is about to give up proving his innocence. His lawyer, Sharon Banks, pleads with Flash not to give up no matter how futile the case against him looks. Suddenly, there is an explosion, setting off the alarms. That's when Jack O'Lantern breaks into the holding cell. He stops at Flash's cell, thinking he is the Hobgoblin and explains that he has come to free him. In the confusion, Jack knocks out his lawyer and escapes with Thompson. Soon, the Rose gets a phone call informing him of the jailbreak. He tells this to the real Hobgoblin, who is furious that Jack O'Lantern is ruining his plans. The Rose suggests that if they kill Thompson they can continue their plans. The Hobgoblin loves this idea as it gives him the opportunity to take out Jack O'Lantern as well. Meanwhile, back at Coney Island, the Sandman has reformed himself and knocked out Hydroman. With none of his other allies present, Speed Demon runs off looking for his comrades.Later, at Jack O'Lantern's hideout, the villain tells his men to keep an eye on Flash Thompson and inform him as soon as Thompson awakens. Jack goes to his room and wonders why Thompson didn't want to be rescued. Suddenly, the real Hobgoblin comes crashing in through the window and furiously attacks Jack for endangering his plans. When the Hobgoblin explains that Thompson was a fall guy, Jack tries to explain that he made an honest mistake. Back at Coney Island, Spider-Man and Silver Sable are pinned down by Boomerang and Beetle. That's when Spider-Man realizes that the antenna on the Beetle's costume regulates his finger blasts. That's when Sable tosses two of her chai's, cutting through the antenna. Regardless of this, the Bettle still has his enhanced strength. Back at Jack O'Lantern's hideout, the battle between Jack and Hobgoblin have distracted Jack's thugs enough for Flash Thompson to break free and escape. By that point, the battle between the two villans has been taken outside. There, the Hobgoblin uses his randomized finger blaster to overpower Jack O'Lantern.While this is happening, the battle at Coney Island rages onward. Spider-Man manages to get the drop in the Beetle and knock him out so he can focus on Boomerang. While Silver Sable watches the two battle it out, Hydroman recovers and attempts to drown her. Meanwhile, Jack O'Lantern manages to knock Hobgoblin down. Realizing that he can't win this battle, Jack decides to flee while he can. Seeing his foe making his escape, Hobgoblin leaves as well, vowing to get revenge. At that time, Spider-Man saves Silver Sable's life by tossing Boomerang through Hydroman's liquid form. Unfortunately, this leaves him open to being struck from behind by the Rhino. This allows Silver Sable to grab a fire extinguisher and spray it into Hydroman's liquid body, making him violently ill when the chemicals mix in with his body. When Spider-Man recovers from the blow he lashes into the Rhino, beating him into submission. Meanwhile, Speed Demon runs into a trap set by the Sandman. By this point, the Beetle has determined that the battle is a loss and orders his teammates to flee.In the aftermath, Spider-Man is shaky, but when he asks Sable for payment, she reminds him how he quit. She then offers the Sandman a job, telling him that she could use freelance operatives like him in the future. The Sandman is interested in hearing more and heads off with Sable. Spider-Man is upset because he didn't manage to collect the money he needed to help Flash Thompson with his legal costs. Once he reaches the rooftop, Spider-Man gets even dizzier. This leaves him to wonder if he has a concussion or worse, brain damage. Elsewhere, Flash Thompson is on the run, worried about the police, Jack O'Lantern, and the Hobgoblin. Fearing that he has nobody left to trust, Flash decides to figure a way out of this situation.Following his break out from jail, Flash Thompson's lawyer Sharon Banks is swarmed by the press. She deflects their questions as she leaves the police station. One reporter stops to ask Captain Kris Keating for comment. Keating vows to hunt down and recapture Thompson, pointing out that innocent people don't break out of jail. The news story is seen by Mary Jane who is out at the apartment of a man named Alfredo, putting an end to their all night partying. Worrying how Peter Parker might be taking the news, she takes a cab to his apartment. She worries what might happen if Flash Thompson is really the Hobgoblin. When she knocks at his door, nobody answers. Using her spare keys to get inside she realizes that this is the first time she has felt comfortable in Peter's apartment since she revealed that she knew he was Spider-Man. Calling out to Peter, she finds him, in costume, passed out on his bathroom floor. While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson and Joe Robertson watch the news report about Thompson's escape. This dashes Joe's idea that Thompson was framed for the job. Still he holds onto the only proof he can find, the photos of the Hobgoblin wearing two slightly different costumes just hours apart. Jameson points out that the Hobgoblin could have more than one costume, much like Spider-Man does these days. Jameson thinks Spider-Man has something to do with the whole situation somehow. Robertson, naturally, doesn't totally buy it. Suddenly, Jameson sees a commercial advertising the mutant hunters known as X-Factor.Later, at X-Factor headquarters, the team is engaging in a training session. Cyclops and Marvel Bay are taking on Angel, Beast, and Iceman. The pair equally trips up their teammates, ending the session. They are then contacted by their liaison, Cameron Hodge, who tells them that they have a job offer. The members of X-Factor are disinterested in hunting down Spider-Man for J. Jonah Jameson, because Spider-Man isn't a mutant. Hodge points out that while they know that, the general public sees Spider-Man as a mutant due to his super-human powers. Although the group exists to secretly train mutants to use their powers, they are perceived as bounty hunters by the public thanks to Hodge's advertising campaign. Iceman points out that perhaps they can help Spider-Man in the same way they help mutants anyway, convincing the rest of the team to go ahead with the job.By this point, Peter Parker wakes up in bed, and Mary Jane quickly comes to his side. He tells her about how he took the job with Silver Sable to try and get money for Flash's legal expenses, but he ended up getting hit in the head by the Rhino. Peter still feels nauseous and dizzy, leaving Mary Jane to wonder if she should tell him about Flash's recent jailbreak. Meanwhile, the members of X-Factor arrive at the Daily Bugle to interview J. Jonah Jameson. His response to their questions on why he thinks Spider-Man is a mutant. His response is no different than what Cameron Hodge suggested. After negotiating the cost of expenses, J. Jonah Jameson grudgingly writes them a check and tells them to contact him after it runs out so he can determine if he should continue employing them. After X-Factor leaves, Joe Robertson asks if it was a good idea hiring X-Factor to hunt Spider-Man. Jameson points out that this partnership could be mutually beneficial as the Bugle could boost their profile and increase their circulation. If they fail, he can crucify them in the press as anti-mutant bigots. This doesn't sit well with Joe Robertson, even though he believes that what X-Factor is doing is any different than racist groups of the past. When he gets to his office, he asks Betty Leeds if she was able to get ahold of Sharon Banks. Betty explains that she isn't taking questions from the press. She asks why, and Joe explains that he might have evidence to help Thompson's case. He then asks how things are going with her husband Ned Leeds in light of her affair with Thompson. She says things aren't going well, and asks him if he ever wanted something to work out, but deep down he knew he couldn't. Back at Peter Parker's apartment, Peter overhears a report about Flash Thompson's escape, and he asks Mary Jane why she didn't tell him. She explains that she didn't because he is in no shape to go out as Spider-Man. She then helps him back to the washroom because he can barely stand. She thinks about taking his costume while he is occupied, but when she goes into his room she discovers that it is gone. She rushes into the bathroom but is too late to stop Peter from exiting out of the skylight. While attempting to web-sling, Spider-Man is too dizzy to operate properly, however, he is too concerned about Flash to be concerned about his own well being.Meanwhile, Joe Robertson pays a visit to Sharon Banks' home to show her the evidence he has. However, she is so fed up with the press that she slams her door in his face before he explain why he is there. At that moment, over Manhattan, the Angel and Beast are in their X-Terminator costumes searching for Spider-Man. When they sight the hero swinging across the city, they radio back to the others. The X-Terminators attack Spider-Man, and the group begin attacking him, but realize something is wrong. However, Spider-Man can't hear what they are saying over the pounding in his head. He is also confused by the fact that former members of the X-Men are attacking him. Fed up by their attacks, Spider-Man leaps down to fight them on his terms. While the battle rages on, Joe Robertson has waited for Sharon Banks to leave her apartment. He finally catches her and she is surprised to discover that he is giving her evidence that might help her case and apologizes for her previous behavior. At this moment, the battle between Spider-Man and the X-Terminators continues on. Spider-Man's head injury is making him more and more unpredictable. Marvel Girl attempts to restrain him in a telekinetic shield, but the wall-crawler forces his hand free and smashes the side of a chimney. The scattered bricks are blasted to dust by Cyclops' optic blast. This leads to another bout of fighting, until Angel accidentally knocks Spider-Man into Marvel Girl, knocking her off the ledge of the building. Despite his injuries, Spider-Man is able to fire web line to catch her and save her life before he blacks out. In the aftermath of the battle, the X-Terminators stand over the unconscious body of Spider-Man and are shocked that this is the selfless person is the person they were hired. The group realizes that they have only one solution to this situation. Later, once they have changed back into their X-Factor guises, the five mutants return to the Daily Bugle and tell J. Jonah Jameson that they can't hunt Spider-Man as they have determined that he is not a mutant. Even though they return their retainer, Jameson calls them frauds and orders them out of his office. When Jameson begins ranting to Joe Robertson about how he wants to write an editorial chastising X-Factor, Joe refuses to let Jameson publish his hatchet job. He then hands Jameson his key to the executive bathroom and tells Jonah that he can either send it, or his editorial down through internal mail, as he won't need both.Later, Spider-Man wakes up inside X-Factor's van with Iceman standing by his side. Iceman explains that he had been out for hours and that his teammates were trying to help him out. Iceman then covers for the dual nature of his team by saying that the X-Terminators were coming to help him because they had learned that the Daily Bugle hired X-Factor to hunt him down. Spider-Man declines their offers to help and bids Iceman farewell as he heads off. While back at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson gets an internal envelope and finds only his executive key inside. That's when Jameson comes in and apologizes for how he was acting. When he asks how Joe learned to be so stubborn, he jokingly responds that he learned from a master.Accused of being the Hobgoblin, Flash Thompson has been on the run since he was broken out of prison by Jack O'Lantern. He wants to find Spider-Man, but fears that his hero might think he is actually the Hobgoblin. Flash thinks about how his life has turned upside down, from high school football start to wanted fugitive. Having faith that Spider-Man will help clear his name, Flash attempts to leave the alley he is hiding in to find the hero. Unfortunately, that's when a police car speeds by with its sirens on. This takes all the bravery out of Flash Thompson and he crumbles into a fetal position on the filthy floor. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is swinging across the city searching for Flash Thompson. However, he has grown tired of swinging across the city, especially after he failed to save the life of a child recently. He wants to retire his career as Spider-Man, but can't bring himself to do so until he finds Flash and helps clear his name. Spotting a police car speeding by, Spider-Man decides to hitch a ride on top to see where it's going. Hoping for news photos, the wall-crawler attaches his camera on top of the police car's flashers. The police car arrives on the scene where officers are attempting to stop Titania from robbing a jewelry store. Spider-Man remembers her from his time during the Secret Wars and how she had beaten She-Hulk within an inch of her life. Still, the wall-crawler leaps into battle to stop her. Seeing the hero, Titania becomes scared because Spider-Man was the only person who was able to defeat her since she was given her enhanced strength. She grabs her stolen loot and then tries to escape. As she flees she wishes she had listened to her partner, the Absorbing Man, and laid low. When Spider-Man chases after her, she tosses a van at him. Spider-Man dodges the van and it crashes into the side of a building. While Spider-Man is busy webbing the van in place so it doesn't fall, Titania manages to slip away. After recovering his camera, Spider-Man picks up the trail on Titania, as she left a path of destruction along the way. Meanwhile, Titania has slipped into some civilian clothes and manages to slip away from the police. However, she hasn't eluded Spider-Man who uses his spider-sense to follow her back to the hotel where she is staying. Titania finds Crush Creel -- the Absorbing Man -- waiting for her. He wants to know where she went, as they are supposed to be laying low. She tells him that she needed some fresh air, but when reaching into her purse, his powers turn him into diamond and Creel realizes that Titania went out on a heist. As Spider-Man listens from outside the window, he warns her that this could jeopardize their heist at La Guardia airport that night. Spider-Man decides to go and warn the Avengers but is seen leaving by the Absorbing Man. When he asks Titania what the wall-crawler was doing in the area, Titania admits to what happened. While at the 23rd Precinct, Kris Keating demands his officers to finally find Flash Thompson, as his escape made the department look stupid. As the officers shuffle out they wonder why Keating is taking such a personal interest in Thompson. Overhearing this, Kris thinks that they will never understand how much this case truly means to him. Elsewhere, Peter Parker calls the Avengers hotline and reports his sighting of the Absorbing Man and Titania. Considering his responsibility done, he can sell his photos to the Daily Bugle and continue his search for Flash. Later, at the Daily Bugle, Kate Cushing accepts the photos but critiques his style. On his way out, Peter can't believe he misses selling photos to J. Jonah Jameson who would have accepted the photos without any question. When he spots Betty Leeds looking down, Peter asks her what's the matter. That's when her estranged husband, Ned Leeds, pipes up about how she was having an affair with Flash Thompson before he was arrested. Strangely, Leeds kicks off Peter's spider-sense. When things get heated, Peter gets between the couple. He tells Ned to back off, which puts Leeds on the defensive. When Ned asks Peter if it was okay for his wife to cheat on him, Peter doesn't think so but won't let Ned harm Betty. The intense situation is broken up by Joe Robertson, who tells them to act like adults or take their fight outside. Ned Leeds storms off, warning Peter that he hasn't heard the last of this. Again, Ned sets off Peter's spider-sense, leaving Peter to wonder what it means.While back at the Saint Lauren Summit hotel, the Wasp has come to investigate the report on the Absorbing Man and Titania. However, by that time the two criminals are long gone, much to the relief of the owner. With the other Avengers tied up in a situation, the Wasp takes off to help her teammates. At that moment across town, the Absorbing Man and Titania have relocated to a seedier hotel to lay low until they make their latest heist. Titania insisted on it after Spider-Man followed her back to the Summit. Creel tells her that she shouldn't let the wall-crawler rattler her. Titania explains that she was scrawny Skeeter MacPherran before Doctor Doom gave her power during the Secret Wars. She thought she was unbeatable at that point, that was until Spider-Man was able to land her a humiliating defeat. The Absorbing Man comforts Titania, telling her that sometimes you lose some battles because there is always someone stronger than you out there. When Titania asks Carl if he could defeat Spider-Man, he figures he could. This gives Titania an idea on what to do next to rid herself of Spider-Man forever.At that moment at Kingsley Limited, Peter Parker has arrived to visit Mary Jane Watson for lunch. As they leave, Peter walks past Roderick Kingsley's office Peter's spider-sense goes off again. Peter wonders what is going on, but doesn't want to freak Mary Jane out by acting on the impulse. They leave, unaware that the Hobgoblin is demanding that Kingsley provide him the weapons he promised. When Kingsley offers him a new cache of pumpkin bombs, the Hobgoblin swats them out of his hands. He demands more powerful weapons, things which he can use to destroy Spider-Man once and for all. As the Hobgoblin leaves, Kingsley fears that the Hobgoblin is becoming unhinged with his obsessions over destroying Spider-Man, and decides to make some precautions to ensure the Hobgoblin doesn't turn on him. Later, as Peter and Mary Jane are having lunch, Peter tells her about the situation with the Absorbing Man and Titania and how he passed it off on the Avengers. When Mary Jane asks why Peter reminds her that he want's to quit being Spider-Man once he finds Flash Thompson and captures the real Hobgoblin. Although Peter admits that he feels like he is copping out on his responsibility. Mary Jane is happy to hear that Peter is going to quit being Spider-Man and tells him that he has shouldered his responsibility too long, and that. Peter hopes that he is doing the right thing, and Mary Jane puts her hand on his and tells him that he needs to trust in himself. There is an awkward moment of silence between the two of them until Peter breaks contact and suggests they should go. As they are paying for lunch, Peter overhears a radio report about a disturbance at Avengers Mansion.Realizing that nobody will be at La Guardia to stop the Absorbing Man and Titania, Peter has no choice but to go out and stop them as Spider-Man. There, Titania and the Absorbing Man are disguised as chauffeurs and are waiting for a new recruit into the Masters of Evil to clear customs. When Titania spots Spider-Man swinging toward the airport, she slips away to attack him. Hearing the commotion, the Absorbing Man strips off his uniform and runs to Titania's side. The trio's battle takes them crashing into the airport. As the battle rages, the Master's new recruit observes the fight. This being has no interest in joining the Masters of Evil, as he was only looking for a means to get smuggled into the United States, and leaves as the battle rages on. Meanwhile, Spider-Man's speed and agility prove too much for the Absorbing Man, who takes too many blows and is knocked out. Seeing her love fall, Titania overcomes her fear of Spider-Man, due to the harm that might come to Creel. As Spider-Man turns his attention to Titania, the Absorbing Man gets up, having feigned defeat to encourage his girlfriend to fight. With Spider-Man winning the battle, the Absorbing Man lifts up an airplane and orders the wall-crawler to stop fighting immediately. He warns Spider-Man that if he doesn't let them go, he will smash the plane, killing all the passengers and flight crew onboard. With no other choice, Spider-Man stands down, allowing the two crooks to escape.Later on his way home, Spider-Man is convinced now more than ever that it is time to quit being a super-hero. The next morning, a morning commuter reads the latest criticism of Spider-Man's actions in the Daily Bugle and disposes of his paper when his bus arrives. The wind blows the paper into the alley where Flash Thompson has been hiding. Reading the story, he can't believe that Spider-Man is a coward and that he faces his problems no matter what. Flash takes inspiration from this and decides to have courage in himself as well.From the rafters of a warehouse, someone is spying on a group of men offloading stolen electronics. Suddenly, the transport is interrupted by members of the Blue Boys, a gang of criminals who wear blue hoods over their heads. As a gun battle erupts, the man in the rafters starts taking photographs. Elsewhere, Spider-Man is web-slinging across the city, thinking about his recent encounter with Captain Kris Keating, and is convinced that the police officer has some kind of personal vendetta against him. The wall-crawler is getting fed up with swinging all over the city because he wants to give up his crime-fighting career, but cannot do so until he finds Flash Thompson and clears his name. Hearing gunshots, Spider-Man crashes in on the gang battle in the warehouse. He makes short work of both groups. When the battle is over, his spider-sense is still ringing. Suddenly, the Hobgoblin comes crashing through the wall. Apparently, the Blue Boys were fighting with members of the Rose's gang. The villain explains that there is a gang war going on. Spider-Man dodges the villain's finger blasts, but the stray shots strike the gang members. This reminds Spider-Man of the innocent people who were maimed when he battled the Sin-Eater. The Hobgoblin then takes the opportunity to flee the scene through a skylight.When Spider-Man follows after the Hobgoblin somebody begins to shoot at the hero from a building across the street. Spider-Man ducks for cover until the shots stop and the police were arriving on the scene. Since he accomplished nothing in this little skirmish, Spider-Man wonders just what he was trying to do. Frazzled and unable to sleep, Spider-Man decides to take the photos taken with his automatic camera so he can try to sell them to the Daily Bugle. Even though Peter Parker arrives at the Bugle after midnight, the place is packed with reporters. They are all being briefed by Ben Urich on the gang war that has just started. Urich explains that this all started with the Kingpin's vendetta against the costumed hero named Daredevil. After many failed attempts to kill the masked vigilante, the Kingpin became obsessed with Daredevil's destruction. This obsession led to the Kingpin hiring the mercenary known as Nuke and in the ensuing battle, a great deal of Hell's Kitchen was destroyed. Urich sums up his briefing by explaining that the Kingpin disappeared after his failed battle of wills against Daredevil, leaving the Arranger, his second in command, in charge of his empire. However, without the Kingpin in the city, a struggle for control of New York's criminal empires had begun. The warring factions include the gangs run by the Arranger, the Rose, Silvermane and Hammerhead. The wildcard in the whole gang war is the Blue Boys, a group that Urich doesn't know much about.With the presentation over, Peter tries to sell his photos to Kate Cushing. However, Kate refuses them, telling Peter that Lance Bannon had already submitted photos of the gun battle in the warehouse an hour earlier. Before going, Peter's spider-sense suddenly goes off, alerting him to the presence of Ned Leeds. Leeds sees his estranged wife Betty and asks her what she is doing at the Bugle so late. Betty explains that she couldn't sleep because she was worried about him covering this gang war. Peter overhears this conversation and wonders why Ned Leeds has him on edge all of a sudden. Betty points out that she is concerned that she is still concerned. He once again brings up her affair with Flash Thompson and accuses her of actually being concerned about her "boyfriend" because he is the Hobgoblin. He grabs Betty by the wrist, hurting her. Before the situation could escalate further, Joe Robertson interrupts the situation. Joe scolds Ned for missing the briefing and orders Leeds into his office. Betty then seeks comfort from Peter, and suspects that there is something evil about Ned now, but she doesn't know what it is.The next day, at the skyscraper owned by the Kingpin, the Arranger meets with his minions. He informs them that the Kingpin has decided to take a vacation and will return in good time. Until then, he tells them that they will be following his orders. At that moment the Silvermane estate in Westchester comes under attack from Jack O'Lantern. The masked criminal blasts his way into Silvermane's room who is still recovering from his last battle with Spider-Man. When the cyborg mobster attempts to defend himself, Jack O'Lantern tosses an explosive at the villain, seemingly slaying him. Before leaving, Jack tells the others that he sends his regards from the Arranger. Meanwhile, Peter Parker is on his way to Forest Hills to visit his Aunt May. He has decided to stay out of the gang war, as it is none of his business. When he arrives at his Aunt's boarding house, where May and the other tenants are fixing up the property in the hopes of taking in new tenants to replace the Lund sisters who had recently moved out.Later, at the Rose's penthouse, news that Jack O'Lantern is working for the Arranger reaches the Rose and he is furious. The Hobgoblin assures the Rose and his men that Jack O'Lantern will face his wrath if he attempts to make an attempt on them like he did Silvermane. The Rose tells the Hobgoblin to do his rounds until he is instructed otherwise. With the Hobgoblin gone, the Rose's minions ask why they continue to put up with the deranged criminal. The Rose assures them that he will eliminate the Hobgoblin once his usefulness has come to an end. The Rose enters his private room where he considers the situation. He finds the gang war will prove to get costly to their organization. Removing his mask, the Rose decides that more subtle means are in order to deal with this current development. Later, the Rose's minions, Johnson and Varley, are picking up their cut of an illegal gambling operation when suddenly the operation is ambushed by a squad of officers led by Captain Kris Keating. After the bust, one of the officers asks Keating how all the tips he gets have proven accurate. Keating angrily explains that if he divulged the identity of his stool pigeons, they wouldn't get such tips and drives off. The officer notices that Keating is driving in the opposite direction of the police station.By dusk, Spider-Man is back in the city after a day of helping Aunt May paint. He decides to do one more search for Flash before meeting up with Mary Jane at his apartment. He suddenly spots fashion designer Roderick Kingsley, way out of his usual neighborhood. He watches as Kingsley is getting into a car, making the wall-crawler curious. Going in for a closer look, he sees that the car is driven by Captain Keating. He wonders what the two of them could be talking about, but dismisses the whole thing because he doesn't want to get involved. Going on his way again, Spider-Man happens upon another gunfight happening in the street. When he attempts to stop it, both sides turn their guns on the wall-crawler. Ducking to safety, Spider-Man chastises himself for getting involved again and leaves the scene. Later, Hammerhead and a group of women go to a fancy restaurant. As they sit down and make their orders, they are unaware that there has been a bomb planted under their table. It explodes not long after their arrival, seemingly killing everyone in its wake. When news of the explosion gets back to the Arranger, he tells his assassin to find Hammerhead's body to make sure that he is dead. After, a call comes in and the Arranger is informed that the Kingpin's son, Richard Fisk, has just arrived.At that moment, Mary Jane Watson waits nervously for Peter Parker to return home. She is relieved when she hears the skylight in the bathroom open. Peter tells her that he was unable to find any trace of Flash while he was out. When he suggested they go out, Mary Jane refuses, telling him that they are going to stay in and he is going to cook themselves a meal. Peter isn't happy about the idea, as he feels uncomfortable about his apartment since Mary Jane redecorated it. While Mary Jane is in the kitchen, Peter catches a newscast about the bomb that went off. He still doesn't want to get involved, but then he hears about all of the innocent lives that were lost in the blast. Remembering his old mantra, with great power comes great responsibility, Spider-Man decides that the gang war must end immediately. When Mary Jane checks in on Peter to see what he wants to eat, she discovers that he is long gone.Elsewhere, Betty Leeds returns home to discover her front door is unlocked. Betty is confused over her conflicting emotions over her husband and Flash. Suddenly, someone grabs her from behind. Turning around, Betty is happy to discover that it is Flash Thompson. He tells Betty that with her help he is going to clear his name as he is tired of hiding.Having survived an assassination attempt on him by the Arranger, Hammerhead has come to the Rose to seek an alliance and destroy their mutual enemy. The Rose considers the idea as their operations have never been in conflict. However, Hammerhead has the idea that he would be the leader of this new organization and would make the Rose his second in command. The Rose tells Hammerhead that he will consider the offer. Before leaving, Hammerhead warns the Rose to make up his mind soon, as he will not be able to maintain his neutrality as the gang war will soon affect him as well. After Hammerhead leaves, the Rose and his lieutenants agree that siding with Hammerhead could be beneficial especially if he and the Arranger kill each other. However, the prospect of being second in command under Hammerhead is unappealing. That's when they get a phone call informing them that one of the Rose's gambling operations was hit by the Blue Boys. The Rose tells his men to contact the Hobgoblin to deal with the Blue Boys. Going into his private room, the Rose laments about being dragged down to the level of the other crime bosses. Attempting to figure out how to navigate this situation, the Rose decides the best way to do this is without his mask.Meanwhile, on the Lowest East Side, the Blue Boys are smashing up another one of the Rose's operations. This is when Spider-Man comes smashing in to break things up. During the ensuing battle, two of the Blue Boys get the drop on the wall-crawler. Spider-Man leaps onto the ceiling to evade them when suddenly someone from across the street guns down the two gangsters. Spider-Man leaps outside to identify the shooter. He spots the Punisher on the roof across the street. Spider-Man tries to catch the vigilante, but the Punisher bolts. As the wall-crawler gives chase, he recalls how he and the Punisher had recently clashed with the Kingpin, and wonders if the vigilante had anything to do with the recent disappearance of the Kingpin. When Spider-Man tries to point out the hypocrisy of the Punisher's mission, the Punisher counters by saying Spider-Man only chooses to save certain people. He points out the fact that the wall-crawler is letting the two members of the Blue Boys bleed out in order to chase the Punisher. Spider-Man realizes that the Punisher is right, and webs one of the vigilante's arms to a chimney stack. Spider-Man doubles back to the arcade and does what he can for the two injured crooks.When the police arrive, they order Spider-Man to back off or he will be arrested under orders of Kris Keating. Spider-Man is fine with this and is about to leave when his spider-sense begins going off. Spider-Man goes back up to the rooftops and discovers that the Punisher has escaped. Across town, the Hobgoblin is racing across the city. He has just realized that the Punisher is back in town and wants to avoid conflict with the vigilante, as it would interfere with his ultimate goals. While at a nearby junkyard, Jack O'Lanturn has come to educate the owners on what happens when they stop paying the Kingpin's organization. That's when Hammerhead and his minions come out of hiding and chase Jack away. While at the Kingpin's skyscraper headquarters, his minions are in a meeting with the Arranger and are demanding to know when the Kingpin is going to return. They are upset that the addition of the Punisher in this gang war is cutting into profits. Just then, the Arranger gets a phone call informing him that Richard Fisk, the Kingpin's son has arrived. The Arranger ends the meeting to meet with Fisk, who has come to visit his mother, who is still recovering. Left alone with Vanessa Fisk, he learns that his mother still doesn't recognize him. Richard tells her that he is involved in a most dangerous game, but assures his mother that everything will be okay once it is over.Meanwhile, Spider-Man lands on the roof of the Daily Bugle and changes back into Peter Parker. He is worried about the escalating gang war and the return of the Punisher. When he tries to sell the photos of the arcade shootout to Kate Cushing, she tells him that she will take a look, as he took too long to get the photos to her and she has a stack of UPI photos to choose from. As Peter heads out, he discovers that Ann Macintosh is filling in for Betty Leeds. Apparently, she called in sick, although Ann didn't buy the excuse, and figures her recent marital problems are the reason why she isn't in. She notes that Ned Leeds, Betty's husband, is currently getting reamed out in Joe Robertson's office. Inside Joe's office, Robertson tells Ned that he hasn't been producing any quality work. He also reveals that he knows Ned has been lying about assignments that he claims to be working. Ned admits it, and says that he has been feeling inadequate compared to the Bugle's star reporter, Ben Urich. He explains that he has been working on a Pulitzer worthy story about Soviet spy operations during the 1960s. However, he doesn't have all the facts to prove the story he's following just yet. That's when Ben Urich comes in to tell Joe the news that Hammerhead has put out a contract on the Arranger. As Peter Parker listens in, Urich suspects that after the Arranger is eliminated, Hammerhead might go after the Rose next. This causes Leeds to become grim as he considers this situation.Later, Spider-Man is back swinging across the city, wondering when and where Hammerhead will try and take out the Arranger. He briefly considers leaving Hammerhead to complete this task, given how many people the Arranger murdered on behalf of his boss, the Kingpin. He can't bring himself to step aside, fearing that such a clash could cost innocent lives. Later still, Hammerhead learns that the Arranger is calling a meeting of all his top generals that evening. Hammerhead hopes the information is accurate. As Urich theorized, Hammerhead plans on taking out the Rose after dealing with the Arranger. While at a seedy hotel, the Punisher has also heard about the Arranger's meeting and is preparing to interrupt it himself. He hopes that Spider-Man doesn't interfere, but has a special surprise arranged for the wall-crawler should he do so. As the Punisher begins taking out guards outside the Kingpin's headquarters, Spider-Man has spent a fruitless evening searching for sign of Flash Thompson or the Hobgoblin. He suddenly spots the guards taken out by the Punisher and decides to investigate. Inside, the Rose and his men wait for their meeting with the Arranger.Outside, the Punisher attempts to fire a bazooka into the building, but his aim is ruined by Spider-Man. When the rocket blows up harmlessly in the sky, it alerts all the mobsters inside the building. This gives Hammerhead's representative to try and take a shot at the Arranger. However, both Jack O'Lantern and the Hobgoblin come out of hiding and kill him. The Arranger is thankful for the assist and he and the Rose agree to work together. The Rose then orders the Hobgoblin to shake hands with Jack O'Lantern, much to the chagrin of the Hobgoblin. When the Hobgoblin demands to know what is going on, the Rose tells him they will discuss it later. Meanwhile outside, the Punisher is furious with Spider-Man interfering in his plan and opens fire on the wall-crawler. Spider-Man throws off the Punisher by smashing a chimney, showering the roof with bricks. This allows Spider-Man to get closer but the Punisher is ready for this. Slamming his fist against his chest, the Punisher activates a device that sprays Spider-Man with knockout gas. As Spider-Man blacks out, the Punisher tells Spider-Man that he can't let the hero capture him, as he must take his personal war to the mobsters, and leaves.When Spider-Man prevented the Punisher from killing representatives of the various mobs at war in the city, the wall-crawler found himself doused with knock out gas. As the hero recovers from the gas, members of the NYPD arrive on the roof. While on the street below, the Rose and his lieutenants are in a nearby alley trying to find a means to escape. In order to distract the police, the Rose calls in the Hobgoblin who dive bombs the officers allowing the Rose and his men to escape in their limo. Meanwhile, back on the roof, Spider-Man webs up the police officers and tries to make his escape down the side of the building. However, as he attempts this move, he is caught under the spotlight of a police helicopter. Spider-Man leaps to safety and as he flees the scene he realizes that if he hadn't stopped the Punisher, the gang war would have been over. However, taking a rest in an alley, Spider-Man admits that he couldn't have let the Punisher murder, anyone, even criminals. The following morning, Lance Bannon is at a police precinct waiting for Sargent Tork to come out so they can get to work together. While in Washington Square Park, Richard Fisk is reading the newspaper on a park bench after riding his bike. He is interrupted by a woman named Dina who needs help fixing a flat tire on her bike. When she begins hitting on him, Richard eventually relents and agrees to go for coffee with the woman. There they get to talking about the ongoing gang war. Fisk tells Dina that he believes that someone on the inside could take control of the city mobs and make a real difference. When Dina asks what would stop that person from becoming a criminal themselves, Richard believes the strength of character will prevent that. Impressed with what Richard has said, Dina asks him to take her home. Meanwhile, Spider-Man wakes up in the alley he hunkered down in and realizes that he slept for eleven hours. Still too groggy for web-slinging, the wall-crawler is forced to take a city bus, much to his humiliation. When Spider-Man finally gets home, he discovers that Mary Jane Watson is still there waiting for him. When she asks him where he had been all night, the hero explains the previous evening's incident. Although he saved lives, Peter feels bad about it since they are criminals. When Peter decides to take a shower, Mary Jane insists that he needs some cheering up and sneaks a peak of him as he is getting undressed, much to Peter's embarrassment. Meanwhile, Sargent Tork and Lance Bannon are meeting with a reformed crook named "Honest" Vinnie at a used car lot. Vinnie needs to talk to Tork, alone and takes him downstairs. There, Vinnie tells Tork that there is going to be a meeting that night in Jackson Heights. It was called together by the Rose, and the intent is to broker a treaty. When Tork leaves, Lance is upset that he has to cancel his evening plans in order to get this exclusive.While at his Greenwich Village loft, Richard Fisk thinks about what he can do to stop this gang war. That's when Dina comes out of the shower and is amazed by how expensive this loft must be. Richard explains that his father is incredibly wealthy, thanks to crime. He goes on to explain that he has been working on the inside to take down his father's empire. When Dina asks if this makes Richard a criminal, Fisk explains that while he deals with criminals, he himself have never committed a crime. When she asks if he killed anyone before, he tells her that it wasn't anyone who didn't deserve it. That's when he gets a call from Mr. Varley to inform him of the evening plans. Meanwhile, back at Peter Parker's apartment, the weary hero has fallen asleep on the couch next to Mary Jane. Suddenly, there is a knock at the door, and Mary Jane answers it. It's Lance Bannon seeking to pawn off his hot lead on to Peter Parker. While she is discussing things with Lance, the phone begins to ring, waking up Peter. It's Matt Murdock, who asks Peter that they need to meet. Peter dismisses the call, and when he asks Mary Jane who was at the door, Mary Jane keeps the truth from him, shoving the details about the gangland meeting in her back pocket. Later that evening, Richard Fisk pays another visit to his mother. When he tells Vanessa about the woman he met, his is surprised to discover that his mother is lucid once more and remembers who he is. The doctor comes in just as she falls asleep again and he tells Richard that she comes and go. When Richard leaves, the doctor scolds her and decides to increase her medication.Later, in Forest Hills, Peter Parker has paid a visit to his Aunt May in order to get away from Mary Jane. This also allows Peter to kill time while he waits to meet with Murdock before the midnight meeting with the cities crime bosses. Meanwhile, Sgt. Tork is staking out the bowling alley where the mob bosses are expected to meet. Suddenly, the Hobgoblin and Jack O'Lantern attack the bowling alley who warn the leaders of the Blue Boys gang that they have come in advance as security, warning the rival gang that they will be killed at the first sign of treachery. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is waiting atop Verrazano-Narrows Bridge waiting for Daredevil. He begins to worry about why Murdock is running late. At that moment, Richard Fisk is running late for the meeting. When Dina asks what's taking him so long, he tells her that he went to visit his mother and he isn't feeling in the mood to deal with this. When Richard asks if Dina will be there when he gets back, she decides he might. Meanwhile, back at the bowling alley, Tork begins shouting at the guards around the bowling alley. When they open fire with a rocket launcher, Tork orders his men to make their move. At that moment, Spider-Man calls his apartment and asks Mary Jane if Matt Murdock called. She tells him about the gang violence in Jackson Heights. She then admits to him that Lance Bannon came by with the tip and she hid it from Peter.Hearing this, Spider-Man heads to Jackson Heights, however, there is nowhere he can web-sling to get there. When he asks some police officers to give him a lift, at first they don't want anything to do with it until news of the gang violence reaches them as well and they as for the wall-crawler's help. Meanwhile, The Rose and his men arrive at the bowling alley to discover that it is a war zone. As Mr. Varley and Johnson provide cover fire, the Rose is still struck by some bullets. Merely winged, the Rose begins to panic and flees the scene, hating the idea of being treated like a common crook. That's when Spider-Man arrives on the scene, prompting the Hobgoblin to order Jack O'Lantern to help him attack Spider-Man. However, Jack has no intentions of fighting the wall-crawler and leaves. Hobgoblin attacks the hero, Spider-Man fights off the Hobgoblin. This convinces him that the villain is not Flash Thompson, and is through fighting with him. Knocking the villain away, the wall-crawler tells him that he came to save lives and if the Hobgoblin wants to try and kill him now would be his chance. Surprisingly, the Hobgoblin retreats instead. While Spider-Man is helping firefighters pull people out from the nearby burning buildings, the Rose flees down an alley. The Rose runs into a rookie police officer who orders him to flee. Not wanting to be captured, the Rose fires his gun. Much later, an exhausted Peter Parker returns home to Mary Jane who is proud of Peter for all the lives he saved that night. Peter is just glad that nobody died this evening while he was there. Unfortunately, this idea is crushed when a news report about the Rose killing a rookie police officer is reported on the news. As the report is being told, Richard Fisk returns home to find Dina waiting for him. Still wounded, he tells Dina to get him a doctor and rests on her side. However, the pair realize that because the Rose killed someone, this changes the whole situation.Spider-Man is furious that Daredevil tricked him into staying away from a gang meeting, and is now searching Hell's Kitchen to try and find the masked hero. He is furious that Daredevil also knows his secret identity. As he searches, he notices a bunch of kids hanging outside of an abandoned building and decides to check it out. Smashing through one of the boarded up windows, Spider-Man is shocked to discover these kids are selling crack and are armed to the teeth. Spider-Man webs up the drug dealers, and while he is busy, a teenage girl tries to take all the drugs, but Spider-Man stops her and tells her to get help. Spider-Man is disgusted by the sight and soon leaves when he hears police sirens. The next morning, in a New York park, Richard Fisk and his new girlfriend meet up with Richard's longtime friend Alfredo. Leaving Dina in the car, Richard and Alfredo go for a walk. It's on this walk that Alfredo hands Richard a disk containing files he hacked from the police database. Richard is concerned about the cop that he killed the night before, as well as Hobgoblin's betrayal, and hopes that the masked villain doesn't blow his cover. He then gets a call on his cell phone from Dina, who tells him that he is running late for a meeting that he has uptown. Before leaving, Richard tells Alfredo to pull all the trap and to meet him at his loft that evening.Later, Peter Parker is visiting his Aunt May for lunch at her boarding house. He is glad to be among May and her tenants as it gives him a chance to relax. However, that relaxation is quickly disturbed by the arrival of Matt Murdock who has come looking for Peter. Peter makes an excuse for having an errand to run with Murdock and the pair left in a cab. As they go, Peter warns Murdock against showing up at his Aunt's home again. Peter is also angry at Matt for tricking him the night before. Murdock explains that Spider-Man's involvement in the gang war has only prolonged it. Murdock explains that there is much more at work than Peter realizes. By this point, Parker has heard enough and demands that the cab driver let him out, even though they are on the Grand Central Express Way. When the driver refuses, Peter kicks the passenger door off its hinges and pulls Matt out of the cab. The two start trading blows until the cab driver pulls them apart. After reaming Peter out for hitting a blind man, the driver helps Matt back into the cab and drives off, telling Peter he will be billed for the broken door.That evening, Alfredo breaks into the information technology shaft of the Kingpin's skyscraper and pulls all his data traps from the mainframe. As he exits the sewers, Alfredo is snatched by the Hobgoblin who demadns to know what the Kingpin is returning to the city. When Alfredo refuses, the Hobgoblin drops him in the Hudson River, expecting him to drown. However, Alfredo manages to swim to the surface before he runs out of air. The next morning, Peter Parker is woken by a knock at his door. It's Ned Leeds, who tells Peter that the Kingpin is returning to the city that evening, and that since he hasn't been convicted of a crime, a massive police escort is making sure he returns safely. Ned asks Peter to be his photographer on the scene as he can't reach Lance Bannon. Peter is uncomfortable since the last they talked it wasn't on friendly terms. Ned explains that at the time he was under a lot of pressure and buries the hatchet. Later at Kingsley International, Mary Jane Watson is outside as the Hobgoblin flies to the roof. She dismisses what she is seeing as a figment of her imagination. However, when inside the office of Roderick Kingsley, Roderick is reaming out Lance Bannon, telling him he has gone to ofar. Bannon tells Kingsley that he will regret it. On his way out he runs into Mary Jane who asks what Bannon is doing at Kingsley International. Lance tells Mary Jane to forget that she saw him there.That evening, in Hell's Kitchen, Matt Murdock meets with Karen Page, Melvin Potter, the Falcon, and Sgt. Frances Tork. They are preparing for the return of the Kingpin. Expecting Spider-Man to interfere, Matt Murdock prepares a gun, assuring the others that the wall-crawler will not interfere with the Kingpin's return. While back at the Greenwitch Village loft of Richard Fisk, Alfredo goes over his encounter with the Hobgoblin. Richard considers giving up on his plans, but Alfredo protests against it. When Fisk changes into the Rose, Dina informs him that there is vital information about his mother that they pulled out of the Kingpin's computer records. Elsewhere, Tork and his allies are staking out the Kingpin's return to the city. As they expected, Spider-Man confronts the police motorcade and demands that the Kingpin come out and face him. As an NYPD sniper locks Spider-Man in his sights, the Kingpin pulls out a gun and tries to shoot the wall-crawler. However, the hero's spider-sense allows him to dodge the shot easily. Spider-Man then lashes into the "Kingpin", ripping off his mask, revealing him to be Daredevil in disguise. Daredevil doffs his disguise and reveals that they set up Spider-Man to prevent him from stopping the Kingpin from returning to the city. Daredevil tries to explain that they can't operate outside of the law and find a peaceful resolution to the mob war. Spider-Man is fed up of being manipulated and attacks Daredevil. Although Spider-Man has superior strength and agility, Daredevil is able to get the better of Spider-Man thanks to his enhanced senses. Even with his eyes and one arm webbed up, Daredevil is able to hold his own against the web-slinger. The sniper gets Spider-Man back in range, however as he takes the shot, Daredevil leaps in the way and deflects the bullet with his billy club. Daredevil explains that there was an assassin that was attempting to eliminate the Kingpin, and that they developed this ruse to throw him off, and manipulated Spider-Man into helping them pull it off. This distracted allowed the Kingping to slip into town unnoticed. Outside his skyscraper, the Kingpin is greeted by the Arranger who welcomes him back. Their reunion is interrupted by the arrival of the Hobgoblin. The Kingpin hands over an envelope containing information about soviet spies that the Hobgoblin sought. Back in his office, the Kingpin tells the Arranger that he made the deal with the Hobgoblin to give him that information in exchange for the Rose's true identity. However, the Kingpin already knows who the Rose is and intends to use that knowledge to destroy him.That has been raging through New York City has kept vigilantes like Spider-Man, the Punisher, and Daredevil busy against the likes of Hammerhead, the Rose, the Arranger and the Blue Boy mobs. This was all caused by the absence of the Kingpin in the city, however, now the lord of the criminal underworld is back and is taking accounts. From his office, the Kingpin gazes at a photo of his wife he keeps in a locket. He calls in Doctor Zachar, the physician that was hired to treat his wife, Vanessa. The Kingpin is upset that the man has been terrorizing Vanessa, who has the mind of a young girl. He is not impressed that Vanessa was given an increase in her medication after recognizing her son, Richard Fisk. When Zachar tries to offer excuses, the Kingpin won't hear any and uses the weapon in his cane to kill the doctor. The Kingpin then calls in his next appointment. While in Chelsea, Mary Jane has come to Peter Parker's apartment. She wonders what is going on with Peter's life, as he seems to be on the fence about quitting being Spider-Man. Using the spare key to get inside, Mary Jane is shocked to discover the Black Cat is in Peter's apartment. Storming into Peter's room, Mary Jane wakes up Peter and demands to know why the Black Cat is in his apartment. Before he can answer, the Cat informs him that he has a phone call from his Aunt May. As Peter answers the phone, Mary Jane demands answers from the Black Cat. The Cat explains that her apartment was blown up and that she has nowhere to stay. While the two women quibble with each other, Peter agrees to visit his Aunt May for lunch and heads out.Meanwhile, the Kingpin has called in Jack O'Lantern into his office to inform the costumed mercinary that he is being fired. Jack is furious, pointing out how he did a good job protecting the Arranger while the Kingpin way away. The Kingpin explains that Jack O'Lantern served his purpose, but doesn't have what it takes to be his chief assassin. Jack O'Lantern storms out of the Kingpin's office vowing that the crimeboss will regreat this, although the Kingpin doubts it. While at a Greenwitch Village loft, Alfredo Morelli is still upset that the Hobogblin attempted to kill him and wants to get revenge. Richard Fisk advises his friend against it. However, Alfredo won't listen and storms out, leaving Richard to wonder his next move as the Rose. It's noon on Canal Street when Sgt. Frances Tork meets with Ben Urich, Matt Murdock, and Sam Wilson to discuss the recent return of the Kingpin. Their meeting is interrupted when a patron and the waitress pull guns and try to shoot them. While Wilson and Murdock deal with the male shooter, Sgt. Tork gets the drop on the waitress. With the danger over, they can all guess who hired these assassins to do in Matt Murdock. When news about this failure reaches the Kingpin, he orders the two assassins eliminated before they can talk.Later that afternoon, Ned Leeds is finally able to find Lance Bannon at his home. Ned tells Lance that he is going on assignment to Europe and needs a photographer. It's then that he notices that Lance has a bunch of pictures of the Hobgoblin pinned to the wall. Lance nervously explains that he was sorting through morgue files on the Hobgoblin and quickly gets Ned to leave before he can ask more questions. Lance then discovers that Ned left behind some notepad behind. He then recalls how Ned said he was going to his old apartment to pick up some notes and decides to meet him there. While back at the Kingpin's office, the crime lord gives the Arranger a list of individuals in his organization that need to be eliminated immediately. Meanwhile, at Betty Leed's apartment, Betty finally convinces Flash Thompson to let her go out and get them some groceries. Thompson has been hiding out at her place since bring framed for being the Hobgoblin and was subsequently broken out of prison. As Betty leaves the apartment, Flash waves goodbye to her from the window. Watching from across the street is Lance Bannon who considers this a stroke of luck. An hour later, Betty returns to find the Hobgoblin inside her apartment attacking Flash. He has decided to reveal his true identity to Thompson so he can know who destroyed him. When he hears Betty, the unmasked Hobgoblin turns to see who it is. Betty instantly recognizes who the Hobgoblin is and begins to scream. Fearing the authorities might be called, the Hobgoblin flees the scene before he can finish his job.This story follows the events of Spider-Man Versus Wolverine #1...Jason Macendale is in a meeting with the Foreigner, seeking to hire him to eliminate the Hobgoblin. Shockingly, within a single phone call, the Foreigner has Macendale's nemesis eliminated. Sometime later, Peter Parker is among Betty Leeds and his Daily Bugle colleagues as the body of Ned Leeds is being offloaded from a plane. Ned was killed while on assignment in Germany investigating a story. Peter blames himself as he was with Ned at the time, but failed to save his life. After the plane is offloaded, customs begins searching the coffin for contraband, much to the upset of Betty and earns the ire of J. Jonah Jameson. Jonah then berates Peter Parker for not having his camera to phorograph the security agents. When Joe reminds Jonah that Parker was there when Ned was murdered, this prompts Peter to think back to that moment, when he and Ned were in Berlin investigating a group of spies. While they were there, Peter was tracked by the mutant hero known as Wolverine who told Parker that he needed to talk. Peter recalls how he returned to his hotel room he found Ned tied to a chair with his throat slit. Even though Wolverine told Spider-Man not to get involved, Spider-Man did what he could to avenge the death of Ned Leeds. Peter wonders why, especially after he decided to give up being Spider-Man.As Peter comforts Betty his spider-sense kicks off, warning him of the presence of the Hobgoblin. Peter recalls how he vowed to capture the Hobgoblin and clear Flash Thompson's name. Peter partially blames the Hobgoblin for what happened to Ned. Had he captured the Hobgoblin, he would never have gone to Berlin and he figures Ned would still be alive. Jonah admits to Joe that he is lashing out at everybody because he blames himself for Ned's death. For years he found it so easy to blame everything on Spider-Man, but for the first time he can't because, as far as he knows, Spider-Man was thousands of miles away. Peter overhears this as he walks away with Betty and winces. Later, at the headquarters of the Kingpin, the crime boss meets with his associate, the Foreigner for a game of chess. The Kingpin is not happy with the news that the the Foreigner had the Hobgoblin killed. This is because the Hobgoblin kept the Rose busy allowing the Kingpin to continue his operations uninterrupted. The Kingpin warns that such a move, without informing him, could be disastrous. The Foreigner wins the chess game by putting the Kingpin into a checkmate. He then tells the Kingpin that he was hired to do a job and his elimination of the Hobgoblin was business and nothing personal. After he leaves, the Kingpin orders his secretary to bring him the life he has on the Hobgoblin. He also asks to put the word out on the street that he wants to speak with Spider-Man to give him all the information on the Hobgoblin he has, including his secret identity. The following day, Peter Parker is among those attending Ned Leeds' burial. Everyone is shocked when Betty begins thinking that Ned might not be dead, and asks that the coffin be opened up just to make sure. That's when Peter rushes Betty home, where she seems to have not only blocked out the fact that her husband is dead, but also that they ever had any troubles in their relationship. She assures Peter that she will be fine because her mother is coming to visit soon.Satisfied that someone will be coming to look after her, Peter heads out. He begins to think about all the losses that Betty has had in her life, when he suddenly remembers that Betty's mother is dead. Realizing that he's out of his league, Peter decides to call Mary Jane to see if she will come and keep an eye on Betty. Not far from Peter, Flash Thompson hides out in an alley. He has been hiding again ever since the Hobgoblin attacked him at Betty's home. He recalls how the Hobgoblin beat him into unconsciousness, and that both the villain and Betty were gone when he came to. Seeing a police car, Flash decides to turn himself in. However, the officers blow him off before he can tell them who he is, and then rush off to the scene where an officer is down.Later, at the Rose's headquarters, the masked villain has found the situation with the Hobgoblin has reached its end. However, he discovers that his assistants, Mr. Varley and Mr. Johnson are dead. He vows to avenge them by eliminating their killer. It's then that the Hobgoblin reveals himself and takes ownership for killing Varley and Johnson. The Rose is surprised, as he heard that the Hobgoblin as dead. He tells the villain that his father, the Kingpin, has a file with all the information on the Hobgoblin, including his true identity and that he intends to turn it over to Spider-Man. This is the interest of to the Hobgoblin and he rockets out of the Rose's hideout on his Goblin Glider. Meanwhile, Spider-Man arrives at the Kingpin's office to ask what the crime lord wants. The Kingpin hands him the file he has on the Hobgoblin, telling him to take all the time he needs to read over it. The Kingpin then leaves his office and tells his guards that he will be leaving and to make preparations. He stops one of his minions and reveals that he knows that he bugged the room for the Rose and kills him when he admits to it. Just then, Spider-Man finds the horrifying truth regarding the true identity of the Hobgoblin. According to the files, the Hobgoblin was actually Ned Leeds. Not long after Peter and Wolverine had left Ned alone in his hotel room, Leeds was preparing to go out as the Hobgoblin. However, before he can, Ned is ambushed by the Foreigner's men who easily overpower him. One of the Foreigner's minions then knocks Ned down and strangles him to death. When the Kingpin returns, Spider-Man asks how this could be if he saw the Hobgoblin recently. The Kingpin explains that the Hobgoblin's equipment was handed over to Jason Macendale, the assassin formally known as Jack O'Lantern, who decided to usurp the Hobgoblin's identity. The Kingpin tells Spider-Man that while he doesn't know where the Hobgoblin hides out, he knows where Spider-Man can find the Foreigner. Spider-Man knows where to find the Foreigner because of his past experience with the assassin and heads off to face him. The Kingpin then goes down to his limo when he spots a pumpkin bomb in the passenger seat. Spotting the Hobgoblin on a rooftop and asks to know what he wants. The Hobgoblin demands the file the Kingpin has on him, however the Kingpin tells him that he gave it to Spider-Man. When the Hobgoblin threatens to kill the crime lord, he discovers the folly of doing so as the entire area is surrounded by armed guards to protect the Kingpin. Seeing that he won't succeed, the Hobgoblin takes off on his glider and tosses a pumpkin bomb at the Kingpin as he goes. The Kingpin swats the pumpkin bomb.As Spider-Man swings across the city, a powerful storm blows in. He is spotted by Flash Thompson who tries to get Spider-Man's attention, but the hero is too high to hear him. Spider-Man soon arrives at the office of the Foreigner where he strong arms a security guard and asks him where he can find his employer. After the guard points him in the right direction, the guard is killed by the Hobgoblin. The two battle it out, knocking out the lights. Needing more room to fight, the Hobgoblin blasts a hole in the wall and flies outside. Spider-Man swings up after him, where the Hobgoblin tosses a hallucinogenic pumpkin bomb at the wall-crawler. Spider-Man pretends to breath in the gas, allowing his foe to get close enough to attack. After a prolonged battle, the Hobgoblin blasts Spider-Man, setting his costume on fire. Spider-Man rips off the burning part of his costume, the pain is so extreme that the hero falls off the side of the building. The Hobgoblin sees that the file is burning up with the ripped costume, causing the villain to gloat. Spider-Man falls on the ground, leaving him open for attack from the Hobgoblin. When the villain tosses a pumpkin bomb at him. Seeing this, Flash Thompson runs to Spider-Man's aid, grabbing the bomb in mid air and tosses it back at the villain. Stunned by the blast, Hobgoblin decides to flee, vowing to get revenge against Spider-Man later.Seeing Flash fall to the ground, Spider-Man rushes to his side. Weakened by his time on the run, and hurt by the blast, Flash is about to die. However, Spider-Man refuses to let another friend die because of him and performs CPR, saving his life. Spider-Man brings Flash to Mercy Hospital, where he visits Flash later as Peter Parker, with Flash's lawyer Sharon Banks. After he tells them how Spider-Man saved his life, they are visited by Blake Tower, the New York City District Attorney. He tells them that due to eye witness accounts of Flash Thompson facing the Hobgoblin, all the charges against him are being cleared. When the wonder who the real Hobgoblin is, Peter thinks of keeping this secret to himself, more because he is concerned what it will do to Betty. Later, the Foreigner and the Kingpin are playing chess again. The Foreigner is impressed with how he manipulated both Spider-Man and the Hobgoblin. After their match, the Kingpin hands the Foreigner and envelope and tells him not to open it until he leaves. In the elevator, the Foreigner opens the envelope and realizes that it is an explosive that will go off in three seconds. Because of his skill, the Foreigner is able to get out alive and returns to the Kingpin's office where applauds the Kingpin for the attempt on his life and agrees to meet him again next week.Back at his apartment, Peter Parker tells Felicia Hardy that he has decided to continue being Spider-Man, recalling advice from his Aunt May telling him that Parkers aren't quitters. However, he doesn't know what to do now that his costume is in tatters, however that's when Felicia reveals that she sewed him a number of new black-and-white costumes. Spider-Man thanks her and then goes out web-slinging as Spider-Man.Early in the morning, Spider-Man is trying to convince himself that he should be happy. He's decided to continue being Spider-Man, but the wall-crawler still feels as though something is missing. Swinging across the city, Spider-Man ends up in Times Square where the Mayor of New York City is giving a public address regarding the revitalization of the area. The mayor and Daily Bugle publisher J. Jonah Jameson are being held hostage by a gun-toting man calling himself the Preserver. The Preserver is against the plans for gentrification, threatening to kill the mayor if they don't stop. Spider-Man quickly disarms the Preserver and discovers that the gun was unloaded. As the man is being arrested, the mayor explains that they aren't tearing down any historical buildings, but repairing them. The mayor then congratulates Spider-Man for saving them and suggests that Jameson thank Spider-Man in the Daily Bugle, much to the publisher's chagrin.Spider-Man is surprised by this whole scenario, however, when he gets back to his apartment, he still can't feel happy. After a shower, Peter finds that nothing really interests him presently and that his apartment feels empty. Since there is only one person who knows that he is Spider-Man, Peter decides to pay a visit to Mary Jane at her apartment. Peter admits to her that after hearing Flash praise Spider-Man for never giving up, he has decided to continue being Spider-Man. However, he still feels that he still doesn't know who he is. Mary Jane suggests that he spends some time with his Aunt May as she was always good at giving him advice. As Peter leaves, Mary Jane can't help but feel a little jealous that Peter is going to another woman for advice, even if it is just his Aunt. Suddenly, Mary Jane realizes that she is putting his happiness before her own, and thinks that perhaps she is starting to grow up herself. Later in Forest Hills, Peter pays a visit to his Aunt May. When he tells her that he has been feeling directionless in life, she reminds him of some advice his Uncle Ben had, to be true to themselves. As Aunt May goes to make some tea, Peter decides to go looking around his old room.Upstairs, Peter thinks about this is exactly where he developed his web-shooters and Spider-Man costume. When Aunt May comes up with the tea, he notices that his microscope is missing and asks Aunt May what happened to it. May explains that she donated it to a church bazaar which is trying to raise money for a new orphanage. She presumes that she must have given it away with some of Peter's old toys by mistake. Peter tells her that it is no big deal, but when he leaves shortly thereafter he thinks about how much that microscope meant to him back in high school. Peter recalls how devoted to science he was as a teenager, and while he still loves science, being Spider-Man has made his further education impossible.Peter soon finds himself at the church bazaar and goes intside to visit Father Curtis. In the church, he is told to come back later to view the sceptre. Father Curtis apologizes for Max, a member of Heaven's Angels, a neighborhood program run by ex-gang members. Curtis then explains that they are displaying the Judas Sceptre, on loan from to the church. The priest intends to charge an admission fee for people to view the holy relic in order to raise funds for the new orphanage. When Father Curtis asks Peter what he wants, Peter is about to ask for his microscope back when he hears how it is being put up for auction. Peter instead tells the priest that he and his Aunt May are happy to help. Unfortunately for Peter, he hasn't sold any pictures recently and can't spare the money to buy his microscope back. As Peter leaves, one of the police guards asks Max to take it easy on people as they are professionals. Max assures them that he doesn't want to cause any trouble. Nobody is aware of the fact that Max has a gun tucked into the back of his pants. Peter then decides to walk around the bazaar where he sees a child being dragged away from the midway. He overhears the boy expressing his interest in baseball, but his father tells him that he will be an orthopedic surgeon like he is. Peter remarks about how when he was growing up, his Aunt May let him make his own decision, even if they were wrong they were always his own.Meanwhile, back at Aunt May's house, May gets a phone call from Mary Jane asking if Peter is still there. When he learns that he has left, she tells Aunt May that it's not important and ends the call. However, she is lying to Peter's Aunt, as Mary Jane needs to talk to Peter because she feels like her life is about to explode. Back at the church, Peter scrounges his money together in the hopes of bidding for his microscope. As the auction begins, Peter overhears someone calling the alarm because a gang of hoodlums stole the money from one of the rides. At first, Peter thinks about dismissing this, but then recalls that the last time he shirked his responsibility his Uncle Ben died. Peter slips away and changes into Spider-Man and goes after them. However, before he can catch the thieves his spider-sense goes off, warning him of danger inside the church. Looking into the window, he sees Max robbing the police officers of the Judas Sceptre. Spider-Man leaps in and knocks down Max, but the officers think the wall-crawler is trying to steal the artifact for himself. When they open fire, Spider-Man leaps to safety, allowing Max to escape. That's when Father Curtis arrives and stops the officers long enough for Spider-Man to go back on Max's trail.On the construction site of the new orphanage, Max comes across two kids and grabs one of them as a hostage. Spider-Man arrives and tells Max to let the boy go, but Max refuses. He promises that he will let the boy go if Spider-Man allows him to leave, but the wall-crawler doesn't trust him. While Max is focused on the situation, Spider-Man uses his webbing to snare some paint cans. He then waits until Max tries to go down the ladder to get off the scaffolding. In order to keep his balance, Max has to take the gun away from the boy's head, leaving him open for Spider-Man to whip the paint cans at him. When they hit, Max drops the boy and falls off the scaffold, and is quickly grabbed by the wall-crawler who knocks out the would-be theif with a single punch. In the aftermath, Spider-Man leaves Max with the police and goes out looking for the gang members who escaped with the stolen receipt. He finds them being busted by police and snaps a few photos for the Daily Bugle. Suddenly, Spider-Man remembers his microscope and quickly changes back into Peter Parker. He arrives at the auction just in time to put in the winning bid for his microscope. Later, Peter is happy he won his microscope because it is a reminder of everything he ever wanted out of life. This makes Peter realize that he has to start living a new life.Soon, Peter arrives at Mary Jane's apartment as he wants to talk with her. However, she is busy packing for a very important trip. As she fusses over the deails, Peter can't get a word in edgewise. Peter eventuall manages to get Mary Jane to stop long enough for him to ask her a very important question: Will she marry him?Peter Parker has just asked Mary Jane Watson to marry him. She responds by saying no at first, then admits she doesn't know. Peter asks if it is because he is Spider-Man, she reminds him that they were only friends. Peter points out that they are more than friends. He tries to explain to her how the events of the morning convinced him to propose to her, Mary Jane quickly changes the subject. She explains that her Uncle Spencer was by and with some family news and so Mary Jane is going to Pittsburgh to visit her sister Gayle. That's when Peter remembers that Mary Jane and her sister haven't seen each other in years, recalling how Gayle told Mary Jane she never wanted to see her again. Mary Jane responds by telling Peter that it is "girl stuff" that he wouldn't understand. Peter follows Mary Jane outside where she is hailing a taxi. He can tell that she is putting up a facade by acting like the "party girl", as she always does when something is bothering her. As she gets into the cab, Peter's spider-sense goes off, but he sees no danger. Thinking about how he has encountered someone who doesn't set off his spider-sense, he is left wondering if his powers are going haywire.What set off Peter's spider-sense is a nondescript looking van which has no apparent driver. It pulls into the alley behind Mary Jane's apartment building where a robot emerges from the back. The robot then scales the wall of the building and blasts a hole into Mary Jane's apartment where it begins to search for someone. Overhearing someone outside going to call the police, the man piloting the robot makes a hasty retreat back into the van and drives away. Peter doesn't hear this because he is blocks away at this point. Mary Jane wouldn't let him get into the cab with him and he's left wondering what is going on. Meanwhile, the mysterious van pulls into a warehouse. From within the robot emerges the body of Alistaire Smythe, who is now confined to a wheelchair. Even though his body is disabled, his mind is still as sharp as ever, and he intends to use his intelligence and technical know-how to destroy Spider-Man and avenge the death of his father. Smythe then begins working on a better tracking device to hunt down Spider-Man. Meanwhile, Mary Jane is on a plane to Pittsburgh with a great deal of apprehension about going back home to her family and wonders what tomorrow will bring.The next day in New York City, Peter Parker wakes up and wonders what he should do with himself. He briefly considers going after Mary Jane but decides against it since he doesn't think she wants him butting in. Meanwhile, Alistaire Smythe has completed a number of tracking devices and dispatches them all over the city so he can track down Spider-Man. While in Pittsburgh, Mary Jane arrives at the home of her sister, Gayle. There she meets her nephews Tommy and Kevin as well as their babysitter Alice Larkin. When Mary Jane asks where her sister is, Alice realizes that Mary Jane doesn't know what's going on. Back in New York, Peter decides to go out on as Spider-Man and get some exercise web-slinging. While he is out, Smythe's trackers give away his location. Alistaire then enters his Spider-Slayer in the hopes of destroying his hated for once and for all. Later, in Pittsburgh, Mary Jane goes to the county jail where her sister has been incarcerated. Visiting Gayle, Mary Jane asks what happened and offers to help. However, her sister is not happy to see her. Reminding Mary Jane how she abandoned her four years ago when she needed her most. She then tells Mary Jane to go back to New York and ends the visit. Mary Jane tries to put on a strong face, however, once she is outside she begins to cry.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is attacked by the new Spider-Slayer at a construction site. Spider-Man is surprised to see that Smythe is out of prison and tries to blind his new robot with webbing. Unfortunately, it is covered with a non-stick coating and the webbing easily slides off. Smythe explains to the wall-crawler that not only is he coming to avenge his father, but himself. He tells the wall-crawler how a lack of insulation in his previous Spider-Slayer robot damaged his nervous system after his last defeat at the hands of Spider-Man. When Spider-Man dodges one of the Slayer's blows, he is caught off guard when the limb sprays ethyl chloride in his face. As Spider-Man struggles to shake off the effects of gas, Smythe captures him in one of his coils. This is witnessed by a construction worker in a bulldozer who saves Spider-Man's life by running over the Spider-Slayer's arm. Spider-Man then takes advantage of this assist to kick the pinned arm clean off the Spider-Slayer. With his robot damaged, Smythe blasts free of the bulldozer and makes a hasty retreat while the wall-crawler checks to see if the construction worker is safe. Later that evening, Mary Jane returns to her sister's home to find someone waiting for her. When she sees who it is she is instantly shocked.The following morning, Alistaire Smythe is back on the road again, gloating over his genius. The ethyl chloride that he sprayed Spider-Man with the night before allows him track Spider-Man anywhere. As he follows the signal, Smythe has to suddenly swerve out of the way of a homeless woman crossing the  street, crashing his van into a parked car. When a police officer comes to get the driver's information, Smythe emerges from the back of the van in his Spider-Slayer. Meanwhile, Peter Parker is watching television in his apartment trying not to think about Mary Jane. Suddenly, a news report comes on about Smythe's appearance in the city. Peter quickly changes into Spider-Man, but before he can leave the phone begins to ring. It's Mary Jane who tells Peter that she needs him to come to Pittsburgh immediately, and admits that she does love him. Peter finds himself conflicted between going to Pittsburgh or stopping Smythe. Just as the Spider-Slayer reaches Peter Parker's apartment, Smythe picks up that Spider-Man is moving. Much to his surprise, he discovers that Spider-Man is taking a taxi cab and decides to follow it. Smythe follows the signal all the way to Kennedy Airport where he follows Spider-Man's signal right up to the boarding gate of an airplane. However, he is too late to get on board as the plane is already taxiing the runway, but he learns where it is going.Meanwhile, on the airplane, Peter Parker feels awful for not dealing with Smythe, however he thinks about how the city has various law enforcement agencies to protect them and Mary Jane only has him. He looks forward to finding settling something for Peter Parker without Spider-Man getting in the way. However, back at JFK, Alistaire Smythe is purchasing a first class ticket to Pittsburgh, intent on following Spider-Man there.Answering a call for help from Mary Jane, Peter Parker has traveled to Pittsburgh. Although he feels guilty for leaving New York City while Alistar Smythe is on the loose, the wall-crawler is the only one Mary Jane can rely on, while the city has many protectors. Web-slinging to the hotel, Spider-Man slips into the alley next door to change back into his street clothes and gets a room. He puts on the news while he checks the phone book for the address to Gayle Byrnes, Mary Jane's sister. His mind is put at ease when he hears a news report about how the Spider-Slayer's rampage ended shortly after it started and that nobody was injured. However, Peter is unaware that Alistair Smythe has figured out where Spider-Man has gone and is now having his Spider-Slayer equipment loaded onto a plane bound for Pittsburgh. Later, Peter takes a cab to Gayle's house and Mary Jane is glad to see that he has come to see her. He is surprised to see that Mary Jane's father, Philip is there. When Mary Jane refuses to call him dad, they start to argue about how Philip walked out on Mary Jane's mother years ago. Mary Jane has had enough and decides to leave, taking Peter with her. As they head out, they catch Mary Jane's nephew Kevin as he goes off to school. She tells Peter that they have been staying at the neighbor's house. Getting into a car, she tells him that she needs to talk, and Peter is more than willing to listen.Later, at Point State Park, Mary Jane recounts how her father left her mother, and in turn, she left her sister Gayle after their mother had died. She tells him that since then, Philip academic standing eroded and he got into the business of selling rare manuscripts to private collectors. He had recently set his sights on the Tavistock Paper, a monograph written by Benjamin Franklin. The paper was on loan to Duquesne University, where Gayle was working. Philip then convinced to try and steal the paper. Gayle hid the paper intending to sneak it out of the university after work, but she was caught on camera and was arrested. Philip now wants Mary Jane to figure out where the paper is and recover it for him. Philip promised to leave and never bother the family again and Gayle would be released due to lack of evidence. When Peter asks why Gayle would agree to make the theft, Mary Jane explains that blood ties are hard to break, and she figures that Gayle did it to come to terms with her feelings toward their father. Peter tells Mary Jane that making a sacrifice for the family is a noble idea, however, it is a waste if done for the wrong reasons. He points out that Philip only cares about his family now because he has a use for them. However, he tells her that he will support her through whatever decision she makes. She is grateful that Peter is there for him, and that she loves him and the couple kisses.Back at Gayle house, Mary Jane surprises by Peter when she tells her father that she will help him. While this is happening, Alistair Smythe has set up operations in a warehouse. After paying for the space and labor, he privately uncrates the components of his Spider-Slayer and prepares to hunt for Spider-Man anew. Later, Peter and Mary Jane are visiting Gayle at the jail. However, Gayle is still bitter over how Mary Jane left her to struggle on her own years earlier. When Mary Jane can't get through to her sister, she gets frustrated and leaves. That's when Peter tries to get through to Gayle, telling her that Mary Jane only wants to help. He explains that they are trying to find the stolen papers so Gayle can be freed. When Gayle is still reluctant, Peter tells her not to let her father ruin the lives of her children like she has done with her and Mary Jane. He drives him the point by asking her who will take care of Kevin and Tommy if Gayle is sent to prison. Still, Gayle puts up a tough front, but Peter finally breaks through and convinces her to help.Back at the warehouse, Alistar has completed reassembling his Spider-Slayer, vowing to succeed in destroying Spider-Man where his father failed. Still able to track the wall-crawler due to the chemical gas he sprayed him with the night before, Alistair enters his Spider-Slayer and emerges from the warehouse. At that moment, at Duquesne University, Peter and Mary Jane have come to recover the stolen papers. Peter learned from Gayle that she hid them in an old sensory deprivation tank in the basement of the facility and they quickly recover it. Suddenly, Smythe's Spider-Slayer comes crashing through the wall. Running for cover, Peter uses his web-shooter to take out the lights and tells Mary Jane to try and get away. However, Smythe catches her in the Spider-Slayer's spotlight and recognizes her as the woman he once thought was Spider-Man.This creates enough of a distraction for Peter to change into his Spider-Man costume and face Smythe himself. Spider-Man then lures the Spider-Slayer outside and tries to head to the suburbs where nobody can get hurt. However, as he crosses one of the bridges, Smythe rips out the girder out from under Spider-Man, coils him up in one of the Spider-Slayer's arms and attempts to drown him in the river below. By this time, Mary Jane has followed the chase in her car and rams into one of the Spider-Slayer's legs. This allows Spider-Man to break free and come up for air before he can drown. Spider-Man tries to lure Smythe up Mount Washington, but discovers that it is a densely populated area. Before he can turn back, the Spider-Slayer attacks him again with ethyl chloride. Mary Jane helps again by borrowing a baseball bat from a nearby child and uses it to attack the giant robot. Angered by the interruption, Smythe turns his attentions to Mary Jane. However, before he can kill her, Spider-Man shakes off the effects of the gas and jump kicks the Spider-Slayer from behind. The wall-crawler then furiously rips the Spider-Slayer apart to get at Alistair. Before he can harm his foe, Spider-Man remembers Mary Jane and tosses Smythe aside and checks to see if Mary Jane is safe. Spider-Man then turns to Smythe and warns him against coming after Mary Jane or any other innocent person again. With the threat over, Mary Jane stays behind to give a statement to the police while Spider-Man swings off to clean off the chemical tracer off his costume, agreeing to meet Mary Jane at his hotel later. Soon the pair return to Gayle's house to turn over the manuscript to Philip. However, Peter has decided that he can't let Mary Jane's father get away with a theft and decides to tag him with a spider-tracker so he can arrest him later. However, Mary Jane is merely getting a confession out of her father for the police who have arrived to arrest him. As her father is being taken away, Mary Jane confides in Peter that seeing him risking his life against the Spider-Slayer helped her find a courage she didn't know she had, and the couple have come to realize that they are good for each other. Two days later, Gayle is released from jail and reunited with her children. She thanks Mary Jane and Peter for their help and they make their goodbyes. Later, at the airport, Mary Jane has decided to stop running away from the people she cares about and tells Peter that she accepts his proposal and will marry him.This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #31..Karven the Hunter has succeeded in burying Spider-Man alive and stolen his identity. Standing before Spider-Man's grave, Kraven pulls off his mask and laughs maniacally in the pounding storm. Elsewhere, a woman tries to run for cover from the rain down an empty Manhattan street. She is frightened when a rat scurries past her causing her to slip and fall to the ground. As the woman tries to recover, a manhole cover opens up behind her and a hair covered hand reaches out from the sewers and pulls the woman in. Trapped in the sewers among the rats, the woman is approached by the rat-man known as Vermin, who intends to eat the woman. Meanwhile, Mary Jane Watson waits at the apartment she shares with her husband waiting for him to come home from his rounds as Spider-Man. Mary Jane can't help but worry that her husband might be dead when she spots a rat scurrying across the apartment. Revolted by the site of the vermin, Mary Jane beats it to death with a boot. Seeing the smashed corpse of the rodent disgusts Mary Jane who turns away from the grotesque site.Meanwhile, Kraven the Hunter travels across the city in a Spider-Man costume back to his mansion. In the grips of madness, he intends to try and literally become his seemingly dead foe. Entering a room with a massive display of spiders, Kraven strips off the upper part of his costume and laps at a bowl of hallucinogens on the floor. Suddenly gripped with pain, Kraven angrily smashes the display glass, filling the room with spiders. Beginning to hallucinate, Kraven tries to keep his fear in check as the mass of spiders forms into a massive gestalt. While back in the sewers, Vermin and the sewer rats have finished devouring his victim. After his meal, the Vermin comes across a page from a newspaper. Seeing a photo of Spider-Man frightens Vermin, who recalls his last encounter with Spider-Man and Captain America. Vermin is conflicted between his fear of the masked hero and the idea that he isn't afraid of anyone. The Vermin tries to prove this by trying to go up to the surface. However, when a spider crawls past the manhole cover, the Vermin is frightened and returns to the safety of the sewers. Hearing footsteps above, the Vermin fears that it is Spider-Man coming after him and beats one of his own rats to death in order to keep quiet and avoid detection.However, this is not Spider-Man, but his wife Mary Jane who is out walking in the rain trying to find some sign of her husband. Her search is interrupted by two men who catcall at her. When she tells them to get stuffed they become angry. At that moment, Kraven the Hunter tries to maintain his sense of identity as he fights the mass of spiders but he is soon swarmed by them all. Simultaneously, the Vermin senses some calling out to him and thinks it is Spider-Man and grows angry. While on the surface, Mary Jane tries to get away from the two men who were gawking at her. When they catch up to her, they are suddenly Spider-Man apparently appears. However, as Mary Jane watches as the costumed man brutally beats the two men without a single word, she realizes that this is not her husband. When she begs Kraven to stop, he does and then leaps away. Not far away, Vermin emerges from the sewers to hunt for Spider-Man, but he is not sure where to begin looking. His mind suddenly turns to food once he discovers that he is hungry once again, and begins searching for something -- or someone --to eat.This story continues in Peter Parker, The Spectacular Spider-Man #131...This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #32...With the Vermin his prisoner in an electrified cage, Kraven the Hunter thinks about his mother's descent into madness. In his frenzied mind, he has come to believe his mother was stolen from him by the "spider" that has been haunting him his entire life. His thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of Spider-Man who is furious that his old foe buried him alive and usurped his life for two weeks. He strikes Kraven across the face, drawing blood, and his foe only smiles. When Spider-Man tells Kraven how much he is going to hurt Kraven, the villain holds his hands up and tells Spider-Man to strike freely, explaining that he has already won. Pulling off his replica Spider-Man costume, Kraven explains that since he "killed" Spider-Man he as now "become" his most persistent foes. As Kraven continues to strip nude, Spider-Man points out that he didn't actually die. Kraven understands this, saying he could have killed the wall-crawler if he wanted. Putting on his traditional Kraven garb. He then tells Spider-Man to follow him, assuring him that there are no traps waiting for him. The whole time this discussion is occurring, the Vermin tries to break out of his electrified cage, but to no avail.Spider-Man follows Kraven down into the basement of his mansion where various trophies are kept, including the cage which holds the Vermin. Kraven tells Spider-Man that the man-rat is the "cannibal killer" that has been reported about in the news. The mad hunter then gloats over the fact that he was able to kill this vicious killer, something that both Spider-Man and Captain America failed to do. He then tosses a torch into Vermin's cage, the flames frightening him. Vermin becomes even more afraid when he sees Spider-Man. However, the wall-crawler means the tortured creature no harm and uses his webbing to pull the torch out of the cave. Seeing Kraven grinning at him, Spider-Man becomes enraged and tells Kraven to put an end to this madness. Instead, the hunter leaps onto a trophy of an elephant and gives out a triumphant animalistic cry. Spider-Man flips the elephant over sending Kraven crashing to the ground. When the Hunter gets back on his feet, Kraven reaches out to touch Spider-Man, but the hero swats Kraven's hand away. Amused, Kraven releases Vermin and tells Spider-Man to battle the pitiful creature for his amusement, but the hero refuses. As a result, Kraven taunts the Vermin enough to enrage the man-rat and it attacks Spider-Man instead. Spider-Man tries evading Vermin's slashing attacks, trying to talk sense into the creature, explain Kraven's manipulations, but Vermin believes he is lying. Spider-Man's temper is quickly lost when Vermin manages to slash open the wall-crawlers arm. Furious, he beats into the Vermin trying to explain how Kraven shot him and buried him alive. Realizing what he has done, Spider-Man stops himself and can't bring himself to escalate things any further. Vermin, however, has no such compunctions and lashes into the hero again. However, before the creature can land the killing blow, Kraven whips the creature back and then pins its hand to the wall with a knife. Kraven then tells Vermin that his point has been made and he is free to go. Vermin becomes frightened, pulls the knife out of his hand and scurries away. Weakly, Spider-Man begs Kraven to go after Vermin as he will kill again. However, Kraven decides that he must "help" Spider-Man and carries him back upstairs.There, Kraven tells Spider-Man that he is free to go, that he knows the wall-crawler will not rest while Vermin is on the loose. Spider-Man is reluctant to leave Kraven to hunt and ruin someone else's life. However, Kraven assures him that after tonight, he will hunt no more. Considering this, Spider-Man warns Kraven that he will be back and leaps out into the storm to hunt down Vermin. As Spider-Man goes, Kraven offers him a silent farewell. Looking at an old family photo, Kraven thinks about how his family fled Russia and how he earned his honor in the jungles. How after years of elusively searching for happiness, Kraven now feels he has finally achieved it. With nothing left to live for, Kraven takes his rifle and places the barrel in his mouth, and pulls the trigger. The recoil from the blast sends Kraven's dead body cartwheeling backward into an open coffin, his blood splatters the framed family photo.This story concludes in Peter Parker, The Spectacular Spider-Man #132...Story continued from Web of Spider-Man #33...Injured while attempting to rescue Vicky Gibbs from the Plesant Valley Sanitarium, Spider-Man is brought in by the staff nurses for immediate medical attention for the gunshot wound he suffered to the stomach. As he is brought in, his top of his costume and mask are tossed into the laundry room. The head nurse takes this opportunity to show Mary, a new employee, around the facility. They pass the "Brainstorm" room where electroshock therapy is administered, the "vegetable patch" where a lot of their disturbed patients live. They stop in the high-security ward, where patients who suffer from the ubermensch syndrome, or in other words, think they are superheroes. When Spider-Man comes to he tries to fight off the nurses and explain who he is. Only Mary seems to take him seriously when he makes this claim before he is sedated and locked in a room. With no identification, Peter Parker is registered in the Mad Dog Ward as a John Doe.Several days later, Spider-Man has been reduced to a medicated stupor and is wheelchair bound as he recovers from his injuries. He has become known by his patient name MD336 by the other patients of the ward. Peter struggles to keep his thoughts together, but the drugs make this difficult. He holds onto the idea that he's Spider-Man, but doesn't have the strength or ambition to break free. His one friend is a patient who wears a cape, thinking that he is a superhero called Captain Zero. Peter struggles to keep his mind clear and suggests that they should revolt and break free. The other patients rally to this cause for a briefest of moments until they are all distracted by the television and wander off to do their own things. One of the few people he has started to convince to do something is Mary. Later, Peter manages to talk her into taking him to see Vicky Gibbs. Along the way, she asks him if he remembers his name, but he still can't. The whole situation with patient MD336 bothers Mary because she doesn't know why the doctors keep him so heavily sedated as she doesn't have access to his file. Still, she takes Peter to see Vicky who is in a solitary cell. He tells her that he was sent by her children, Jacob and Tanya and that he knows she doesn't belong there. He promises that he will do something to get her out of the ward, but the drugs kick in and nods off. Meanwhile, at the Gibbs household, Jacob and Tanya attempt to fend for themselves without their mother. When their father, Frank, returns home the children refuse to eat the pizza he brought home. Jacob defiantly tells his father that they will look after themselves. This leads to an argument, and Frank tells them that he can't bring their mother home otherwise the Kingpin will eliminate them all. Later, back the Mad Dog ward, Doctor Hope continues experiments on his star patient, MD2020, aka Brainstorm. Hope intends to condition him into the perfect killing machine for his employer, the Kingpin. He hopes that with the success with Brainstorm, the Kingpin will allow him to experiment on MD336, the patient who claims that he is Spider-Man. At the recreation room, a demonstration is being made of a new type of straightjacket that are going to be given to all the patients to wear. Seeing this, Peter is horrified that they are going to be treated in such a humiliating way. This gives Parker the drive to pull the IV drip out of his arm and get out of his wheelchair. He then storms up to the staffer giving the demonstration and forces him into the straightjacket. When other staff members try to restrain Peter, he easily overpowers them with his superior strength.Peter then whips up all of the other patients into a revolt, prompting the nurses to begin sedating everyone. His senses still dulled by drugs, Peter is also injected, putting a quick end to his mutiny. Peter watches as everyone's determination quickly fades and becomes tired himself. Almost falling over, Peter is helped back into his wheelchair by Mary. Later, when Doctor Hope hears of the day's excitement, he decides to increase the doses on his patients as punishment. His assistant, Sally Salins informs Dr. Hope that the patient calling himself Captain Zero is not responding to the Brainstorm experiments. Hearing this, Hope gleefully schedules a lobotomy for Zero.This story concludes in Peter Parker, the Spectacular Spider-Man #133...Having run out of web-fluid while on patrol, Spider-Man is reduced to walking home in the middle of a summer storm. As he bounds his way home on the rooftops, Spider-Man considers the idea of upgrading his web-shooters so they have a warning indicator to tell him when he is running out of web-fluid so this situation doesn't happen again. When the wall-crawler finally gets home, he gets out of his costume and takes a shower. With his body aching, Peter wishes his wife Mary Jane was home instead of at a modeling gig so she could look after him. Making himself some tea, Peter begins thinking about how he can redesign his web-shooters. One concern is traveling by plane because of metal detectors. As he thinks over possible designs, he falls asleep from exhaustion. Meanwhile, at the South Brooklyn Psychiatric Facility, Dr. Charles Jefferson is running an experiment on his newest patient, Doctor Otto Octavius. The man known as Doctor Octopus suffers a crippling catatonia whenever he thinks about his longtime foe Spider-Man. Part of this experiment, Dr. Jefferson monitors Otto's sleeping patterns. When Octavius enters R.E.M. sleep, he begins to dream about his first battle with Spider-Man, one of the few battles that were victorious. However, this dream of victory turns into a nightmare when a giant Spider-Man sneaks up behind Doctor Octopus and flicks him through a wall with his finger. In the waking world, Jefferson is alarmed by the distress this is giving Octavius. While in a bunker below Manhattan, Doctor Octopus' arms register its owner's distress and attempt to break free from the Adamantium restraints that keep it in check. The nightmare suddenly gets so intense, Otto wakes up screaming. Jefferson asks his assistant to get some phenobarbital to calm his patient. Comforting Otto, Charles tells him that they try another experiment the next day.That morning, Peter has finished the designs for his new web-shooters, however the materials needed would be expensive. He wishes he could make a living as a fashion photographer, but has to settle for finding a lucrative photo assignment for the Daily Bugle. He looks at a photo of Mary Jane, and finds that he misses having her around. He then picks up the phone and calls Kate Cushing at the Daily Bugle. Unfortunately, she doesn't have any assignments for him, and isn't interested in any Spider-Man photos unless they are spectacular. Peter then goes on his regular routine of patroling the city as Spider-Man to find a crime to photograph. While back in Brooklyn, Dr. Jefferson runs another sleep test on Doctor Octopus. This time, the mentally disturbed villain dreams he is in a world where everyone is dressed like Spider-Man. He begins to panic and runs, until he runs into a massive spider web and a massive spider begins descending upon him. The distress causes Otto's mechanical arms to break free from their shackles and rip their way to the surface. His spider-sense tingling, Spider-Man is drawn to Doctor Octopus' arms that are rampaging through the streets. With innocent people in danger, Spider-Man tags the arms with a spider-tracer while he rescues those who were put in danger. The arms eventually get to the mental health facility and break through the walls. Reunited with his arms, Doctor Octopus decides that he was insane to trust the doctors. By the time Spider-Man arrives, Doctor Octopus is long gone and he hasn't a single photograph to show for his troubles. While Spider-Man returns to his apartment, Doctor Octopus tracks down some of his former gang members to announce his return. When they mock him for his fear of Spider-Man, he gives them a display of power by ripping a car in half with his medical arms. Afraid for their lives, the two crooks welcome him back. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is fruitlessly trying to track Doctor Octopus. Finding no trace of his spider-tracer, the wall-crawler decides to do something to draw his foe out of hiding and heads to the Daily Bugle. He pays a visit to Kate Cushing and convinces her to reluctantly help him catch Doctor Octopus. Later, Spider-Man pays a visit to Dr. Charles Jefferson for help in luring Octopus out in the open. The psychologist is reluctant as well because he believes his patient can be cured of his insanity, however, Spider-Man manages to convince him. The next day, the Daily Bugle publishes a front-page story announcing a tell-all by Dr. Jefferson about his time trying to cure Doctor Octopus. When Otto reads about this in the newspaper, he is furious and decides to pay his doctor a visit. That evening, he arrives at the Brooklyn facility and confronts Dr. Jefferson. However, before he can harm Jefferson, he is surrounded by the police who have been waiting in ambush. Joining the officers is Spider-Man. Upon seeing his old foe, Doctor Octopus enters into a catatonic state. Unfortunately, this doesn't end his threat as his mechanical arms begin to subconsciously protect their owner. Spider-Man lures the mechanical arms into the basement, where the flailing appendages break open pipes, causing Otto to be sprayed by hot steam. Reeling from the pain, the mechanical arms smash their way through the ceiling and escape the building. Spider-Man feels lousy for the trick, but figures that Doctor Octopus will think twice before attacking him again.The next morning, Peter sells his pictures to the Daily Bugle, giving him enough money to pay for his new web-shooters. Peter once again figures he won't be hearing from Doctor Octopus for a long time. Peter is dead wrong, however, as back at his hideout, Doctor Octopus figures the only way to get rid of his crippling fear of Spider-Man is to take some extreme measures and annihilate the entire city of New York.Spider-Man has completed construction of his new web-shooters and is taken them out for a test, and they work as expected. He has constructed them out of space-age plastics that will render them undetectable by metal detectors. They are more light-weight and have more webbing features. Most importantly, they are equipped with a LED light that indicates when he is running low on web-fluid. Lastly, they are also equipped with a launcher that can fire his spider-tracers with more accuracy than throwing them had in the past. Heading home, Peter comes through his skylight just as his Aunt May and Mary Jane's Aunt Anna are coming for a visit. Peter quickly hops in the shower since he doesn't have time to get out of costume. After his ruse works, Peter has time to change out of his costume and join the two women in his living room. Both Aunts want to take Peter out for dinner while Mary Jane is off on a modeling assignment.Meanwhile, in New Jersey, Doctor Octopus is attempting to rent a crop-dusting helicopter. However, the owner of the company refuses to let Octopus and his men pilot it alone due to insurance issues. Octavius responds by killing the owner's assistant, convincing him to bend the rules. The next morning, Peter is at the daily bugle because he is pressed for cash once again. He runs into reporter Joy Mercado, who compliments him on the photos of Doctor Octopus. When he asks her about work, she suggests that he check with the Daily Bugle's society editor before running off to investigate a labor riot that has erupted in city hall. Joe Robertson overhears Peter's financial woes and suggests that Peter looks into another line of work that offers him a steady income. This advice comes as a shock to Peter, but Joe insists that he's only trying to offer advice. That night, Spider-Man is web-slinging across the city searching for a crime. He thinks about another line of work, and how when he was in school, all he wanted to be was a scientist. Suddenly, the wall-crawler hears a scream that sets off his spider-sense and heads in the direction of the danger. Spider-Man arrives at the scene of a society party that is being robbed by armed men in masks. Spider-Man goes quickly into action and webs up ost of the crooks, but one of them manages to get out onto the balcony with a valuable painting. Spider-Man webs him up, but the painting is smashed in the process. The owner is furious over the loss. Spider-Man finds this ungrateful and angrily punches a sculpture on the balcony to pieces. The owner then informs Spider-Man that it too will be added to the list of damages in a lawsuit he intends to file against the hero. Spider-Man decides to make a hasty departure before he gets more grief and decides to try and pick up on Doctor Octopus' trail.At that very moment, Doctor Octopus attacks at a high-security military lab on Long Island. There he overpowers the guards and steals a deadly military weapon that he intends to use to destroy Spider-Man, by wiping out all of New York City. The following afternoon, Peter Parker is relaxing at home when he gets a phone call from his wife Mary Jane, who tells him that she will be returning from her photoshoot by the end of the weekend. After he gets off the phone, Peter catches a news bulletin about Doctor Octopus. Learning that his old foe has stolen a deadly biological weapon, Peter realizes that he has to find Doctor Octopus as soon as possible. As Spider-Man, Peter scours the city to learn where Doctor Octopus is hiding out. When he eventually learns the location of his enemy, he heads there in the hopes of stopping him before it's too late.Doctor Octopus has set up his operations within the World Trade Center. He has his men put on biohazard suits and orders them to get the helicopter ready to fly, intending to spray the city with the biological weapon to wipe out the city in order to destroy Spider-Man, and his crippling fear of the masked hero. As he gives the command for the helicopter to fly, Spider-Man comes crashing in through the window. At the sight of his arch-nemesis, Doctor Octopus enters a catatonic state again. When Spider-Man demands one of his goons call back the helicopter, they explain that they can't because only Doctor Octopus has the code phrases to make the pilot abort his mission. Realizing that he may have doomed the entire city, Spider-Man suddenly notices that Doctor Octopus' arms are starting to act subconsciously on their own. As he dodges the flailing limbs, Spider-Man realizes that there is only one way to snap Otto out of his catatonic trance. Recalling how Otto's mental break started when Spider-Man convinced Octavius that he can never win against him, Spider-Man realizes the only way to snap Otto out of this is to let his foe defeat him. Spider-Man allows himself to be struck by Octavius. When his minions begin cheering Doctor Octopus on, he begins snapping out of his catatonic state. Spider-Man then lures his foe up to the top of the World Trade Center where he allows Otto to pummel him some more. With Spider-Man on the ropes, Otto gloats over his final victory. That's when Spider-Man points out that if he allows the biological weapon to be sprayed over the city, he will kill everyone who witnessed his triumph. This makes sense to Otto, who swings back down into the building to give the abort code. With the city now safe, Spider-Man asks Doc Ock if he intends to kill him. However, Doctor Octopus lets Spider-Man free, deciding to let his oldest enemy live to endure the humiliation of being defeated by Doctor Octopus. Wracked with pain, and barely believing that he saved the city, Spider-Man then painfully heads home. There he peels off his costume and thinks about how he succeeded using his wits. Although it was a painful experience, he liked the idea of stopping the danger without using his fists and realizes that he must be suddenly grown up.The costumed assassin known as Chance has been hired to eliminate Orin Concardi, a mobster who is about to turn over state evidence to the authorities. Chance tracks Concardi to a safe house in Yonkers where authorities are about to escort him to the courthouse. Chance flies in on his rocket boots and incapacitates the government agents. During the ensuing firefight, Concardi attempts to escape in the car brought to take him to court. Chance quickly blows up the car, killing Orin inside. As he flies back toward Manhattan, Chance contacts his employer -- Ronald Treece -- to inform him that his target has been eliminated. While in the Cloisters, Mary Jane is posing for a modeling shoot. With the shoot running late, she calls her husband Peter Parker at home. She gets the voice mail and tells him she will be running late, and that she might be able to secure that condo for them at the ritzy Bedford Towers.Peter is at the Daily Bugle when he checks his messages and hears the news. Peter isn't as excited to move in such an upscale location, but it will help with his wife's public image, and Mary Jane can certainly afford it. When Peter tells this to Joe Robertson, then asks for a photo assignment, Joe regrets to tell him that he has nothing available. That's when he is approached by Joy Mercado who has a solution for Peter. She has heard of a shipment of foreign arms being shipped into New York City to be considered by Congress for military use. However, they don't want domestic manufacturers to learn this. She has another story to cover but offers to split the fee for the story if Peter goes to the pier and snaps photos and takes notes. Peter accepts the job but still feels down on himself for not being a decent enough provider in his marriage. Peter goes up to the roof of the Daily Bugle and changes into Spider-Man so he can web-sling home. There, he finds the apartment crowded now that all of Mary Jane's personal belongings have been moved in. When he thinks about how much Mary Jane is sacrificing to make their marriage work, Peter decides to do something special for her. Peter comes up with an idea when he eyes a magazine cover with a Chippendales model on it. When Mary Jane comes home, she discovers that Peter has set up a romantic dinner and he presents it wearing nothing by a bowtie and a pair of trunks. Unfortunately, Mary Jane isn't alone, as she has brought over her co-worker Sandy Kintzler to meet him. Immediately embarrassed, Peter runs into the bedroom to put on some decent attire, much to the amusement of the two women. Meanwhile, Chance has just finished a date when his wrist alarm goes off, so he ends the date to make his appointment. Sending his date home in a limo. Chance takes a cab to his home, where he opens a secret panel where he hides his costume. Answering his communicator, he is put in touch with Carlton Drake of the Life Foundation. Drake was informed by his employer that Chance could help them with an expensive problem. Chance is intrigued and sets up a meeting with Drake. By this point, Peter, Mary Jane and Sandy have finished their dinner. That's when Sandy decides to call it a night, giving Peter the chance to make good on his promise of a special "dessert" for his wife, and carries her to their bedroom.Later, at the Endicott Building, members of the Life Foundation are concerned over Carleton Drake hiring Chance to do work for them because of the fact that he draws too much attention. Drake assures them that on this operation, Chance agreed to remain subtle. That's when Chance arrives through the window, much to the irritation of the other members of the Life Foundation. Drake then informs Chance that they would like him to steal the arms that are being shipped in from Europe that evening. At first, Chance thinks he is dealing with terrorists and refuses the job, however, Drake assures them that the weapons will not be used against innocent people. That is satisfactory enough for Chance to take the job. The following evening, Spider-Man is at the docks to photograph the arms shipment for Joy Mercado. That's when Chance arrives and attacks the soldiers. Spider-Man webs up his camera to take snaps of the situation. Meanwhile, Chance grabs the highest-ranking officer on the ground and has him order his troops to a ceasefire. Suddenly, a submarine rises out of the water, and the soldiers are forced to load the shipment into the sub. Spider-Man is surprised to learn that Chance is out of jail. Before the wall-crawler can act, there is a sudden blackout that plunges the pier in total darkness. When Chance guns down one of the soldiers, Spider-Man leaps in to stop him from harming anyone else. When Chance hears police sirens approaching he considers the situation botched. Chance blasts the crane holding the crates of ammunition. Spider-Man leaps to stop it from falling on the soldiers, allowing Chance to escape. The weight is too much for the wall-crawler, and with the last of his strength, he shoves the munitions into the water. Later, the paramedics thank Spider-Man for his actions as he saved the life of the wounded soldier. However, Spider-Man feels bad for hesitating in order to take more photos for the Bugle. Back at the Endicott Building, Chance has come to pay the amount he owes the Life Foundation for failure. However, he insists he signs a receipt for bookkeeping purposes. Chance indulges them, and when he touches the pen to paper he triggers a trap that stuns him with a powerful jolt of electricity. Carleton Drake is informed that Chance is still alive, much to his delight as he doesn't want the mercenary dead... yet. Back at his apartment, Peter tells the whole story to Mary Jane. However, she isn't upset with him for taking more photos, she is upset about thinking less of him. She reminds him that happiness doesn't have a price tag and he promises not to feel so bad about her making more money than him.Meanwhile, in an abandoned building in the South Bronx, a lone man observes a number of stories about Spider-Man that he has pinned up to the wall. The man has been studying Spider-Man for months and vows to get revenge against the hero, very soon. As he slams his fist into his other hand, a black substance begins to ooze over forming a pattern similar to the gloves of Spider-Man's black-and-white costume.Ever since he escaped a failed armed heist the night before, Spider-Man has been trying to track down the mercenary known as Chase. After crisscrossing the city for hours, Spider-Man picks up his spider-tracer signal coming from inside the trailer of a big rig and goes to investigate. His cover is almost blown when a kid in the car in front witnesses Spider-Man's arrival and tries to warn the driver. With the truck stuck in a traffic jam, he is spotted by a traffic officer. He tells Spider-Man to get off the truck or he will be arrested. When Spider-Man tries to explain that a dangerous supervillain might be inside, the driver calls his bluff, telling the officer that it is building supplies for Carlton Drake. Since Carlton Drake is a respected businessman the officer wants Spider-Man to provide proof. Not wanting to rip the doors off for fear of innocents getting hurt in a potential crossfire, Spider-Man asks the officer will take his word for it. Having heard enough, the policeman tells Spider-Man to scram. Inside the trailer, Chance is being kept sedated by members of the Life Foundation. Watching as the truck to go into the Holland Tunnel, Spider-Man decides to give up for now since the truck could be heading anywhere once it reaches the New Jersey side.Spider-Man then heads home, but when he arrives on the roof he discovers that his skylight is locked. There is a note taped to it about a "skylight repairman" and to go through the front door. Spider-Man then leaps into the alley beside his apartment and recovers the spare set of clothing he stashed there and changes out of his costume. Inside, Peter Parker discovers that his wife has hired a cleaning lady named Estelle. Mary Jane explains that she hired Estelle when she became a model. Going into the bedroom, Peter tells her about his inability to find Chase and is upset by this failure. She suggests that Peter go out and party because that's exactly what she would do to cheer herself up. Meanwhile, in New Jersey, Chance is brought to a property owned by the Life Foundation. Inside the trailer, Carlton Drake's guards are concerned about keeping Chance alive. Drake assures them that the Life Foundation has planned for every contingency, and keeping Chase alive is integral to them. They soon enter the private underground compound built by the Life Foundation called Sanctum Maximus. At that moment, Peter and Mary Jane are partying at the Spawning Club, a trendy bar. Peter is surprised by all the celebrities and fashion personalities that are there. Peter finds Mary Jane's world exciting, but only wishes to experience it in small doses. While back at Sanctum Maximus, Chance has had all his equipment removed and has been shackled to the chair. Members of the Life Foundation have not been able to figure out how get the devices to work. Now they threaten to harm him if he doesn't reveal their secrets, but Chance refuses to talk. Later that night, Peter and Mary Jane are back at their apartment. Peter still can't get his mind off of Chance and tells Mary Jane that he has to go back out looking for him. Mary Jane understands but asks Peter to be careful. The following day, Peter goes to the Daily Bugle and checks their computer database on any information pertaining to Carleton Drake. He finds nothing entirely sinister, but prints off the records for later examination. The only item of interest was supporting an agricultural support for Empire State University. On his way out, Joe Robertson asks Peter if he is going out to get some more freelance photos. Parker tells him that he might do so later, but for now he's going back to school. Peter pays a visit to his old alma mater, ESU, where he asks administrative assistant Annie Deitz to pull up the records about the Life Foundation's connections to ESU. He soon learns that the Foundation provided free property in northern New Jersey until recently when they took it back. Making a connection between the land and the truck heading into New Jersey, Peter figures where Chance was taken. Peter considers calling Mary Jane to tell her where he is going but decides against it as it will only make her worry.Soon, Peter hitchhikes up to the northern part of New Jersey. By the time he arrives in the area it is nightfall. Slipping into the trees, Peter changes into his Spider-Man costume and begins looking around. He eventually finds a gated area surrounded by armed guards. Secretly entering the property, Spider-Man searches around until he comes to a massive camouflaged facility. He begins looking for a way in when a truck approaches the facility. Spider-Man hitches a ride underneath the vehicle to get inside. He is shocked by the massive facility within. Rolling out from under the truck and taking cover behind some munitions crates, Spider-Man wonders if the Life Foundation might be some kind of terrorist organization. Suddenly, Spider-Man begins picking up his spider-tracer. After a quick search, he finds where Chance has been confined. Spider-Man agrees to let Chance free in exchange for an explanation as to what is going on. Chance explains that the Life Foundation are a group of wealthy survivalists who believe that the end of the world is coming soon. In order to survive, they have constructed this sanctuary so they can survive the end. He was hired to steal weapons to provide Sanctum Maximus with enough firepower to defend it from attack. Spider-Man manages to get Chance free, but the controls to his chair were wired into the alarm system. When guards begin coming into the room, Spider-Man has no choice but to call a truce with Chance and allow him to regain his weapons. With the combined firepower provided by Chance, Spider-Man is able to fight through the guards. By this point, Carlton Drake decides that the best thing to do is retreat. As they escape in a helicopter, Spider-Man and Chance make their escape. On the way out, Chance uses his blasters to ignite the crates of weapons. The pair manages to get out just moments before Sanctum Maximus explodes. Chance thanks Spider-Man for the rescue and offers to give him a lift back to Manhattan. Meanwhile, Mary Jane returns to their apartment. Seeing what appears to be her husband's costume in the darkness, she believes her husband is home. However, she is shocked when his mask suddenly smiles revealing a mouth full of teeth. Turning on the light, Mary Jane is horrified to see that this man is not her husband, but a massive grinning brute wearing something that looks just like Spider-Man's costume.When Spider-Man returns home from New Jersey, he finds his wife in hysterics. At first, she thinks that he is the same man who broke into their home. Peter pulls off his mask, reassuring his wife that it is actually him. She tells him about the intruder, how he was a large man wearing a Spider-Man's Suit like his. However, much to her horror, the mask grew a smile full of teeth. She assures Peter that she is fine, but she can't stay the night in the apartment. Peter understands and goes into the bedroom to pack a bag so they can stay in a hotel. Peter wonders to himself what kind of creature could have frightened her so badly.Meanwhile, in the Bronx, the man who broke into Parker's apartment returns to the ramshackle building he has been staying in. He speaks to another, telling it that they had to leave because the woman kept on screaming. As he walks through the shadows, his costume suddenly disappears. This man assures his other that they will cross paths with Spider-Man eventually. To pass the time, this man begins lifting weights in order so he can stay in enough shape to kill their hated enemy. Later, after they have settled into a hotel room and Mary Jane is asleep, Peter finds that he cannot. All he can think about is the man who broke into their home. He's not sure who he is, but from the sounds of it, he was wearing his old alien costume. Peter recalls how he got the costume on Battleworld during the Secret Wars. He eventually allowed Mister Fantastic of the Fantastic Four to examine the costume, and that's when he learned that it was a symbiotic creature that was trying to permanently bond with him. Although it was separated from Peter using a sonic weapon, it eventually escaped.  When it tried to bond to him, Peter thought he had destroyed it by exposing it to the peals of church bells. While he tries to think of what to do next, Mary Jane wakes up and asks Peter to come back to bed. He apologizes to his wife, as he figured his secret identity would protect her from Spider-Man's foes, but she tells him that she married him for "better or worse".The next morning, Peter wakes up to some good news, Mary Jane had just got off the phone with a realtor and she has managed to secure a condo in the exclusive Bedford Towers. Peter is surprised that they were able to find a place so quickly, and agrees to move there since Mary Jane is no longer comfortable living in their Chelsea apartment anymore. She asks Peter to go back to their apartment to get his camera so he can take pictures of their new home before they move everything in. This gives Peter the opportunity to swing by the Four Freedoms Plaza and borrow the Fantastic Four's sonic gun, just in case their mystery intruder is there waiting for him. After hearing a voice mail from Aunt May, Peter thinks about how excited she will be to know that they are moving into a bigger place. Peter changes into his street clothes and then goes out into the street. Although his Spider-Sense isn't going off, Peter could swear that he is being followed. Peter is correct, as the man who broke into his apartment the night before is following him from behind. The man holds back until Peter goes into a nearby alley. However, when he goes after Parker, he is too late as he has changed into Spider-Man and web-swinged away. Soon he meets with Mary Jane at Bedford Towers. He is surprised as the size of their new condo, but still wishes he could afford to pay for it. When Mary Jane suggests that Peter consider doing fashion photography, he reminds her that he isn't trained to do that job. Mary Jane suggests that he practice with her. Peter tries his best, snapping photos of his wife, but ultimately feels silly. In order to perk her husband up, Mary Jane removes her shirt and suggests that he take photos for their private collection. Later, Peter and Mary Jane are having dinner with Aunt May. Among them is Nathan Lubenski, who accuses Peter of ignoring his Aunt ever since he got married. Aunt May scolds Nathan, telling him that Peter needs to set up his new life. When May excuses herself to do the dishes, Mary Jane accompanies her to lend a hand. There she points out that May has been distancing herself from her and Peter. May explains that she didn't want to inadvertently ruin their marriage by being too nosy in their affairs. Mary Jane tells her that the idea is ridiculous and that she and Peter want her in their lives. May is happy to hear this, but warns her nephew that if she isn't the first guest at their new home, she will have the Grey Panthers picket the building. Meanwhile, at the Our Lady of Saints church, the man stalking Peter Parker has come to the place where the symbiote was seemingly slain and decides that this will be a fitting place to end the life of Spider-Man. His discussion with the symbiote is interrupted by a beat cop who believes that this man is responsible for the recent thefts of the church's collection boxes and orders him to freeze. The man merely, turns toward him and wills the symbiote to send a tendril out the leg of his pants and suffocates the officer to death. The next day, friends of Peter and Mary Jane help the couple move into their new home. As the men finish moving everything in, Mary Jane and her co-worker Sandy Kitzler have prepared sandwiches for everyone. While out on the balcony, Joe Robertson asks Peter if he has given much though to his suggestion of finding another line of work. Peter tells Joe that he has been thinking about going back to school. That's when he spots his mystery stalker web-slinging nearby, and excuses himself to go and deal with him. Changing into Spider-Man and loading up with the sonic cannon, Peter follows after the stalker. He is lured to the dilapidated building in the Bronx. Spider-Man follows after him, confident that his spider-sense will warn him of any trouble. However, it fails to warn him when the stalker attacks him. Spider-Man decides to stall for time so he can reach the blaster and asks who his mystery attacker is. He calls himself Venom, and that he has sought revenge against Spider-Man for stealing his innocence. Drawing the symbiote off his face, Venom reveals himself to be Eddie Brock, a reporter who used to work for the Daily Globe. Brock accuses Spider-Man of ruining his life. He explains that during the Sin Eater murders, he wrote the confessions of Emil Gregg. However, Gregg was exposed as a fraud when Spider-Man captured Stan Carter, the real Sin Eater. The revelation made the Globe a laughing stock and Brock was promptly fired. With his ethics questioned, Eddie could get jobs writing for tabloids. Brock attempted to get into body building to take his mind off his failings, but could never get over his desire for getting revenge on Spider-Man. Eventually, things became unbearable and Brock decided that suicide was his only option. Still, his religious faith prevented him from committing the task and so he went to Our Lady of Saints to pray for forgiveness. That's when he was approached by the alien symbiote that was rejected by Peter Parker. When it bonded with him, he quickly realized that the symbiote had a mutual hatred for Spider-Man. Brock agreed to bond with it, not only gaining the symbiotes abilities, but also learning everything it knew about Peter Parker. By this point, Spider-Man tries to lunge for the sonic gun, but Venom quickly knocks the hero through the floor. Discovering that Venom is more powerful than he is, Spider-Man relies on his experience and skill to outsmart him. Ultimately, he recovers the sonic blaster and unleashes it upon Venom. Spider-Man quickly discovers that the symbiote and Eddie have permanently bonded. He stops himself, realizing that if he kills the symbiote, he will also kill Eddie Brock, and can't bring himself to do it. When Spider-Man tries to flee and figure out a new plan, Venom recovers and pulls Spider-Man back into the building with his webbing and lands a knock out punch.When Spider-Man wakes up, he finds himself webbed up to the church bells atop Our Lady of Saints. Brock, having the symbiote form the appearance of a priest's outfit, gloats over his victory. As midnight approaches, Brock explains that the bell will being to chime, crushing Spider-Man. Since the symbiote is vulnerable to the sound of the bell this close, Eddie goes down into the church to wait. Spider-Man struggles to get free, managing to push his hand loose from the webbing and grab the clapper. When the clapper swings in the opposite direction, it pulls Spider-Man free. Venom sees Spider-Man escaping and goes after him. As Spider-Man evades his foe, he recalls how Puma said the webbing the symbiote uses are organic. The wall-crawler deduces that the symbiote uses its own substance to make its webbing, and likely needs time to replenish its supply. Spider-Man forces Brock to use so much webbing that the symbiote begins losing substance, allowing Spider-Man to knock him out. After calling to leave a message for his wife, Spider-Man takes Venom to the Four Freedoms Plaza where the Thing agrees to keep him secure until the maniac can be shipped to the Vault. When Peter Parker finally returns home to explain everything to Mary Jane, she understands. However, she now cannot stand the fact that Peter is wearing the black-and-white costume because it reminds her of how Venom invaded their lives. Peter agrees to get rid of it and tosses the costume into the fireplace. When he frets about having to make a new costume, Mary Jane reveals that she kept the store bought version of his old red and blue costume that Peter had recently bought in Berlin. Peter thanks his wife and tells her that she is the greatest before putting on this replacement costume and going out to web-sling.Silver Sable's Wild Pack has been hired to test out the security system in a new building constructed by Jason Pruett. This confirms Frank Cruz, his head of security is not convinced that the building is secure enough until Silver Sable herself is unable to beat it. Silver Sable refuses to do it because it is not in her line of work. However, when they offer her a large sum of money, which puts her in a position. Her nation of Symkaria relies on the revenue generated by Silver Sable International and the Wild Pack. After the last few failures, she is in desperate need of more income. With great reservation, she takes accepts the contract.Meanwhile, at the brand new condo apartment owned by the Parkers, Peter helps Mary Jane figure out where to move the furniture. Soon, Mary Jane has to go for a magazine shoot, while Peter intends on going to Empire State University for an advanced photography course. When Peter begins putting on his Spider-Man's Suit, he tells his wife that he has an errand to run before he goes to the university. Peter is happy to finally have a proper costume to wear. Soon, Spider-Man arrives at the Symkarian embassy, to ask Silver Sable why she and her Wild Pack attacked him recently. She tells him that she was hired to do so. She ends their meeting when Jason Pruett and Frank Cruz arrive. This sets off Spider-Man's spider-sense but he leaves anyway, figuring she can figure out the danger on her own.Back at Bedford Towers, an elderly man has come to see Peter Parker, but is informed by the doorman that he is not home, but tells him where Parker can be found. When Peter arrives at Empire State University, he is warmly greeted by his former professor, Morris Sloan. Sloan is happy to see Peter resuming his education and asks him to stand in for his physics calls. Elsewhere in the city, Mary Jane is being done up for her shoot by make-up artist Sandy Kitzler. They are joined by a rival model named Topaz who mocks Mary Jane's look. Mary Jane quips back, cementing their rivalry. Back at ESU, Peter has finished classes but can't shake the idea that Silver Sable might be in some kind of danger and decides to check it out. The man who was seeking him at Bedford Towers just misses Peter as he slips away to change into Spider-Man. Meanwhile, at the Purett Building, Silver Sable is about to run the gauntlet of security that has been set up. Purett and Cruz will be monitoring her progress from a security van outside the building. Meanwhile, Spider-Man has done research on Purett and Cruz to find out if they are on the up and up. While Jason Pruett has a clean record, Spider-Man can't find anything about Frank Cruz beyond the past three years. So, the wall-crawler decides to check out Cruz's apartment to learns what he can. After slipping past the security systems, Spider-Man searches the entire apartment but finds nothing on Cruz. Sitting down in a chair to ponder over this situation, Spider-Man suddenly notices light shinging from a seam in the wall, revealing the location of a secret room. While back at Pruett building, Silver Sable scales up an elevator shaft. Suddenly, gun barrlets pop out of the walls and begin firing what appears to be paint-balls at Sable. She quickly destroys the guns with her weapon and exists out the nearest elevator door. She doesn't realize that what she thought was harmless paint is actually acidic. Meanwhile, Spider-Man looks for a way to gain access to the secret room in Cruz's apartment. He finds the trigger hidden under the telephone. When the door opens, Spider-Man is horrified to see that the secret room is packed with Nazi perifinallia. Seeing this, Spider-Man wonders what Silver Sable has gotten herself involved with. At that moment, at the Pruett building, Silver Sable enters a hallway that appears harmless. Not buying it, she uses a chemical fog spray to reveal trip lasers that crisscross the hall. Using her acrobatic skills, Silver Sable manages to slip through. However, her satchel nicks one of the laser beams but raises no alarm. Sable considers this lucky and continues on her way, unaware of the scorch mark that was left on her bag. At that very moment, Spider-Man is going over the files he found in Cruz's secret room. He discovers that Frank Cruz is actually Franz Kraus, a Neo-Nazi who had a relative, Heinrich Cruz, a Nazi war criminal who was captured by the Wild Pack years ago. Franz vowed revenge and used his connections to eliminate Silver Sable. As Spider-Man rushes to Pruett Tower, Silver Sable is defending herself against a security robot that has attacked her, narrowly avoiding it's poison filled needles. Spider-Man arrives on the scene, but when he attempts to smash through one of the windows, steel shutters close in front of it. Using a web-line, the hero manages to swing outward to smashes through a window before the shutters can block him out.Meanwhile, Silver Sable has broken into the nerve center of the security system. However, before she can push the shutdown button. However, before she can push it, Spider-Man webs her hand. When he tries to warn her that it is rigged to explode, Sable thinks that the wall-crawler was hired to stop her and attacks. As the two fight it out, Spider-Man ultimately convinces her of the danger when he explains Franz Kraus' plot to destroy her. He pulls open the shut off device, revealing a powerful explosive inside. Convinced that Spider-Man was telling the truth, Silver Sable thanks the hero for saving her life. Later, after reporting her safety, Pruett explains how "Frank Cruz" fled after learning she survived the gauntlet. Jason agrees to pay her fee, but also offers additional payment if she tracks down and captures Franz Kraus. Spider-Man can't believe that Sable is getting paid a large sum of money, while he can't even afford care fare home. Later, when Peter Parker returns to his home in Bedford Towers, he finds that Mary Jane is entertaining a man named Martin Jacoby. Martin explains that he has been looking for Peter all day. He tells Parker that he is a representative for On-Line Research in Kansas, and at the recommendation of Curt Connors, he has come to offer Peter a job as chief assistant in their experimental division.In Emporia, Kansas, Peter Parker is shown around the research laboratories of On-Line Research by Martin Jacobi. Jacobi has offered Peter a job as the chief assistant of the experimental division. Peter isn't sure that he will accept the job, although he is very impressed with the facility as it offers him the employment opportunities he has been seeking since high school. Peter still can't get over how he was recommended for the position by Curt Connors, who was the Lizard, is as much a friend of Spider-Man as he is an enemy. Peter is then shown around the outside of the facility where a new wing is being built. Peter thinks how he couldn't get offered such a position in New York City, but wonders how huge a change moving to Kansas would create for his life. They soon come upon an argument between Doctor Royce Nero and construction boss Wes Cassidy. Royce, a former government employee, is upset that Cassidy's construction equipment is disrupting his delicate equipment. Suddenly, one of the acetylene torches backs up, threatening to cause a massive explosion. Wes Cassidy orders everyone to evacuate the site before it explodes. Peter Parker manages to slip away in the confusion and changes into Spider-Man to see what he can do to help.Spider-Man is glad the area had been evacuated, saving Peter from explaining why Spider-Man is in the area. He sees the flames getting closer to the shed filled with more propane cylinders. Before Spider-Man can swing in and try to put the flames out, he is shocked to see Wes Cassidy running back onto the site at super speed. Right before Spider-Man's astonished eyes, he watches as Cassidy kicks open the back of a pick-up truck and kicks wall insulation into the flames, smothering them. With the danger over, both Cassidy and Spider-Man see each other and take off as neither want to be discovered. Later, back in his civilian guise, Peter Parker is assured by Martin Jacobi that these things don't regularly happen on site. Peter is sure that it was only an isolated accident. Thinking to himself he is surprised to discover someone with super-powers but hopes that is the only surprise waiting for him in Kansas. At that moment in Royce Nero's lab, the scientist begins a test of a new gauntlet that he has constructed. Firing a beam from one of its fingers, the gauntlet causes a rock at the other end of the room to explode. Nero is pleased with the results, confident that his new invention is nearly complete.Meanwhile, back in New York City, Silver Sable has just finished a training session when her Uncle Morty comes in to inform her that the Wild Pack have returned from their mission. There is only one of the six soldiers who is able to stand and he tells her that they were able to locate the Neo-Nazi known as Fritz Kraus, but his organization is much larger than they expected. Hearing this, Sable decides it is time to call in a special operative. Later, at the Cassidy home in rural part of Emporia, Wes Cassady's family head in for dinner. Wes waits outside for a moment longer and is approached by Spider-Man. The wall-crawler explains that he is interested to know how Wes got his powers. As the only superhuman in the area, Cassady is grateful for someone to talk to. Wes takes Spider-Man into the garage and has the hero promise not to laugh when he reveals the source of his power. Wes explains that he was a foreman when On-Line's building was first built. During the construction job a jackrabbit escaped from its cage in a lab. With the creature running loose on the construction site, Wes tried to catch it. However, the jackrabbit bit him. Since then he has the ability to move at super speed.Finishing his story, Wes asks why this is happening to him. Spider-Man suggests that he use his powers to do good. Was points out the idea of wearing a costume and calling himself something like "Bunny-Man" would be ridiculous. He then asks Spider-Man for advice on what to do, unfortunately, the hero has no suggestions to offer, but he promises to keep Wes' powers a secret. Back in Brooklyn, the Sandman returns to the rented room he's been living in under the alias of Sylvester Mann. Unfortunately, he discovers that he has locked himself out again and secretly uses his sand powers to unlock the door. Once inside, his landlady, Mrs. Casada tells "Sylvester" is told that he has a visitor. Going up to his room, he discovers that it is Silver Sable, who tells the Sandman that she has a job for him. While at Bedford Towers, Mary Jane gets a phone call from her husband. He tells her that he is excited about this job prospect and will tell her about it once he returns home in a few days. Mary Jane is afraid of this happening. The next day at On-Line Research, Mr. Jacobi is interrupted by Dr. Nero who comes busting into his office wearing his technological harness. Nero explains that he has come to get his dues, after being forced to retire from government work, he had been working on his riot control gear into an offensive weapon. He then demands that Jacobi hand over plans for a secret project from the safe.At this moment, Peter Parker has arrived at the main gate when the security alarm goes off. Peter decides to sneak off and change into Spider-Man. He catches Nero trashing the facility. As Spider-Man battles Nero, Wes Cassidy watches from the crowd. When Spider-Man is knocked down, he asks Cassidy for help, but he can't bring himself to do it. Eventually, Spider-Man manages to regain the advantage when a test laser is activated during the battle. While Nero is busy dodging this blast, Spider-Man manages to land a blow that knocks his foe out. With the battle over, Wes apologizes to Spider-Man, as he couldn't bring himself to get involved. Spider-Man tells him he understands, telling Wes that we all have decisions to make and live with and walks away. Later, after changing back into Peter Parker, he offers  a flimsy excuse about there being a team of Spider-Men given that the masked hero has been seen in England and Germany in recent months in order to explain his alter-ego being active in the country. Mr. Jacobi hopes that Peter's opinion of On-Line Research isn't soured by this recent experience. Peter assures him that it hasn't, but he has to talk to his wife before he accepts the job. When Peter returns to New York and is reunited with his wife, he tells her that the job offer is a dream come true. That's when Mary Jane tells him that she can't abandon her career and life in New York City, even for Peter's dreams. This leaves the couple at an impasse as they decide what to do next.From the top of the Chrysler Building, Spider-Man stands perched thinking about the biggest decision he has ever had to make in his life. He has been offered a job with On-Line Research in Kansas. However, his wife, Mary Jane doesn't want to leave her career in New York City. He wishes he could be an international bounty hunter like Silver Sable, as her biggest problem is capturing a Neo-Nazi that is on the loose. Peter doesn't want to think only about himself and decides to think about his wife. When he returns to their new home at Bedford Towers, Mary Jane has fallen asleep in front of the television. When Peter turns off the TV, he wakes up Mary Jane who asks if he got any picture for the Daily Bugle. Peter didn't, as it was quiet that evening. When Peter admits that he didn't feel like looking, Mary Jane understands. Peter has a huge decision on if he should accept the job offer in Kansas, especially since Mary Jane doesn't want to give up her life and career in New York City. The couple decides to call it a night and worry about the issue the next morning.The next morning at the Symkarian Embassy, the Sandman is going through a training session for Silver Sable. He destroys a robotic spider with relative ease thanks to his powers. Silver Sable is impressed, but she warns that their current quarry, the Neo-Nazi known as Franz Kraus will not be an easy foe to defeat. Silver tells Sandman that she is going to bring in another operative, someone that he is familiar with. A phone call is made, and later that day when Peter Parker arrives at the Daily Bugle, he discovers that the paper is running an advertisement paid for by Silver Sable requesting Spider-Man's assistance. J. Jonah Jameson is upset by this, however, the miser can't turn down the fact that Sable is paying three times the usual fee for a one-page advertisement. Hearing this, Peter decides to see what Sable wants, as it might allow him to take his mind off things. Peter isn't the only one who is trying to get his mind off his current troubles. Across town, Mary Jane is posing for a fashion shoot, but her mind is focused on Peter's job offer. Mary Jane is debating if she should give up her current life for the sake of Peter, wondering if she loves him enough to make such a sacrifice.Later, Spider-Man is at the Symbarian embassy waiting to meet with Silver Sable. When Silver Sable is ready for him, she is annoyed that he didn't come in through the window like he has in the past, then tells him to come along as he has contracts to sign so he can be paid for his work. Meeting with the Sandman, Silver Sable explains that the pair of them are being hired to case Franz Kraus' headquarters so they can arrange a plan of attack. Even though the Sandman is one of Spider-Man's oldest foes, Spider-Man looks forward to working with him to take down a notorious Neo-Nazi. Soon the trio are outside the warehouse that Kraus uses as his base of operations. She orders Spider-Man to get a look at the place from above. Spider-Man web-swings up to the roof and slips past the sentry guards. Crawling through the ventilation system, the wall-crawler discovers that Kraus and his men have a large cache of military grade weapons and vehicles. Unfortunately, Spider-Man is clinging to a rotted out board sending Spider-Man falling to the ground. One of the guards hears the hero's landing and goes to investigate. Spider-Man knocks him out, sending him crashing through a wooden crate, smashing it open. Spider-Man is surprised to discover crates filled with drugs.Sneaking around, Spider-Man finds Franz Kraus in his office. He has just been told that the Kingpin's men have agreed to buy the drugs. Kraus intends to use the funds to help form a new Nazi state, as an anti-Semitic answer to the nation of Israel. Having heard enough, Spider-Man leaves so he can tell Silver Sable everything that he has heard. Meanwhile, at Bedford Towers, Mary Jane has grown impatient waiting for her husband to come home so they can talk. Deciding to make her own decision on the matter, she goes into the closet and takes out a suitcase. At that moment, Spider-Man is shocked that Silver Sable and Sandman intend to deal with Franz Kraus alone. His suggestions that they at least call the police fall on deaf ears. Unwilling to let the two go alone, Spider-Man's sense of responsibility forces him to accompany them. Inside the warehouse, the Sandman creates a diversion so Silver Sable can go looking for Kraus.Spider-Man provides assistance to the Sandman when an army of Neo-Nazi soldiers in jetpacks join the battle. Spider-Man is distracted by thoughts about the sitaution with his wife, but after a near miss he decides to focus more on the fight at hand. As Spider-Man and Sandman dispatch with the soldiers, Silver Sable deals with Franz Kraus' personal guards. While she is busy with them, the Neo-Nazi attempts to flee, but she manages to catch him, shoving the barrel of her gun down his throat and daring him to give her a reason to pull the trigger. With the battle over, the Neo-Nazis are turned over to the authorities. Jason Pruett is pleased with the results. After making arrangements for getting paid, Spider-Man heads for home. When he gets there, he discovers that Mary Jane has packed a number of bags. At first he thinks that she is leaving him, however she tells Peter that she is going to accompany him to house hunt in Kansas. However, Peter tells her that he decided not to take the job, and he has decided to go back to school so they can stay in New York City. Mary Jane is so happy, she pretends to faint into her husband's arms.Elsewhere in the city, a group of men go over a number of photographs of Spider-Man and have made note of the fact that they were all taken by the same photographer. They then make the decision that by the end of the week, Peter Parker will belong to them.At the offices of the Daily Bugle, Peter Parker is shocked to discover that J. Jonah Jameson has made a deal with Wilton Books to publish Peter Parker's photos of Spider-Man in a book called "Webs". Peter can't believe that they are doing this without his permission, but Jameson informs Peter that his photos are owned by the Daily Bugle, per their contract. Although Jameson offers a pittance in a gratuity fee, Wilton Books offers to pay Peter to go on a book tour to help promote the book. They also willing to pay an appearance fee for Spider-Man. Peter tries to explain to them that he is not Spider-Man's "pal" and can't just call him up. Peter accepts the offer to do the book tour, but he insists on doing it alone. Still, J. Jonah Jameson offers to run an ad in the Daily Bugle to try and get Spider-Man in on the deal. Up on the roof, Peter changes into Spider-Man and realizes that he is jealous of his alter-ego. For the first time in his life, he is being recognized for the work he has done as Peter Parker and doesn't want Spider-Man to take that away from him. Still, he finds the idea of his name being on the cover of the book exciting.As the wall-crawler web-slings across the city, he comes upon two men arguing over payment of a bet. When one of the men pulls out a knife, Spider-Man intervenes, stopping things before they get fatal. Back at Bedford Towers, Mary Jane has just finished unpacking her wardrobe into one of the condo's massive closets. Peter arrives home and tells his wife the good news. Mary Jane is happy to hear the news, especially since the first part of the tour will be in California. Peter then goes to Forest Hills to tell his Aunt May the good news. Aunt May is proud to learn that her nephew will have a book published. 

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			The Black Fox in action. 		 	 
In Beverly Hills, the Black Fox has arrived in the city, and breaks into the mansion of Osgood Hempstead, who has been away from his home for months. The Black Fox is delighted to be using such lavish accomidations for his latest operation. He figures he will be able to steal enough to finally retire to the French Riviera, and not have to deal with interference from Spider-Man, like he has in New York City. After helping himself to a drink, the Black Fox calls the police and, posing as Osgood Hempstead, tells them that he will have a guest staying in his home.Days later, back in New York, Mary Jane is heading out the door of their condo when she bumps into Jonathan Caeser, the owner of Bedford Towers. Caeser tells Mary Jane that he admires her work and hopes to have tea with her some day. She then introduces Jonathan to her husband, Peter, and they head out for their trip to California, telling Caeser that they will see him when they get back. Jonathan is very certain that the will. After a flight to Los Angeles in a corporate jet, Peter and Mary Jane are wisked away in a limb with Ginny Edwards, a publicist hired by Wilton Books to assist Peter on his book tour. She goes over their itinerary, which includes an appearance at a gala hosted by Transcorp, which will also be displaying Valencia Chalice. With their afternoon open, Peter insists that they spend their day at Disneyland. That evening they arrive at the John Duncan Civic Center for the gala. Peter is star struck by the celebrities that are in attendence. While outside, the Black Fox manages to steal an invitation in order to get inside. His entrance does not go unnoticed, as he is quickly spotted by Peter Parker who slips away to change into Spider-Man.Inside, the Black Fox changes into his costume and knocks out the guards in the security room. After putting the cameras on a loop, the then takes out the guards who are protecting the chalice. His attempt to steal it is interrupted by Spider-Man who gives the Black Fox chase. The thief manages to get away with Spider-Man thanks to the hero's concern with protecting the other artifacts on display. Disorientated by a smoke bomb, the wall-crawler runs through a doorway and out into the ballroom. Mary Jane takes the cue and introduces Spider-Man to the crowd. As the wall-crawler is forced to play along, the Black Fox continues to try and make his escape. However, before he can escape he is confronted by the Prowler, who has come to take the chalice for himself.The Black Fox is attempting to steal the Valencia Chalice from a Los Angeles gala. Having evaded capture from Spider-Man, the Black Fox thought he was going to make a clean getaway when he was stopped by the Prowler, who has come for the chalice himself. Where is Spider-Man in all this? He was on a book tour as Peter Parker to promote the release of his new book "Webs". While chasing the Black Fox as Spider-Man, he ended up running into the main ballroom of the gala and has been held back by autograph-hungry guests. Spider-Man suffers it long enough but eventually pulls himself away so he can go after the Black Fox. He drops in on the Prowler and the Black Fox just as the thief was agreeing to give the chalice over to the Prowler. The Prowler orders Spider-Man to stay out of the situation. As the two trade blows, the Black Fox tries to make his escape by tossing a smoke bomb allowing him to escape with the chalice. Spider-Man demands to know why the Prowler is trying to steal the artifact as well and learns that Transcorp put him up to this, and if he doesn't recover the chalice, his wife Mindy will end up in jail. He asks Spider-Man for his help, and Spider-Man decides to let the Prowler go as he has always been straight with him. He agrees to meet with the Prowler later at the Algonquin Hotel before departing himself.Changing back into Peter Parker, the hero tells his wife about what happened and explains that he doesn't believe that the Prowler would willingly throw his life away. The next day, Spider-Man meets with Hobie Brown but learns that Brown had checked out of the hotel earlier in the morning and is chased out by the owner of the hotel. While at the commandeered mansion of Osgood Hempstead, the Black Fox wakes up after a good nights sleep. He is delighted that he managed to make off with the Valencia Chalice as it will secure the funds needed for him to retire. However, now that both Spider-Man and the Prowler are involved, he realizes that he can't fence the chalice in the United States, and laments over having to smuggle it overseas. While at the Sea Prince Hotel in Laguna Beach, Peter and his wife Mary Jane are taking in some sun on the beach. However, Peter can't get his mind off the Black Fox and the Prowler, but Mary Jane convinces him that he can't solve the world's problems and they two go for a swim in the ocean.Later that day, Peter is attending a signing at the American Book Fair. There he is told by his publicist, Ginny Edwards, that he is going to appear on a popular late night television show. After an exciting interview on the show, Peter decides to turn his attention back to the Prowler and the Black Fox after he sees an advertisement for Transcorp. Changing into Spider-Man, Peter goes to the Transcorp building where he finds the Prowler on the roof. He ambushes the Prowler and demands to know what is going on. Hobie explains how his wife, Mindy, was a bookkeeper for Transcorp and discovered that they were involved in some shady business dealings. When the company discovered this, they framed her for the crime. They then copied the real books onto a storage device and hid it on the Valencia Challace in order to smuggle it into Europe. He has come after the chalice to recover the evidence that will clear Mindy's name. He explains that he is at the Transcorp building in order to eavesdrop on Troy Fishburn, the head of Transcorp's western division. Hearing this explanation, Spider-Man agrees to help the Prowler clear Mindy's name.Listening in on Fishburn's conversation with his men, they learn that they have tracked the Black Fox down. With the thief trying to smuggle the chalice out of the country on a steamer leaving Long Beach, Spider-Man and the Prowler head off to intercept him. Meanwhile, at the docks, the Black Fox is surrounded by Transcorp goons but manages to get away using a flash bomb. Spotting a nearby cruise ship, he decides to stow away onboard the vessel. While the Prowler deals with the Transcorp thugs, Spider-Man tries to nap the Black Fox. However, when the wall-crawler lands on the deck of the ship, he is swarmed by fans who want him to sign his book. However, Spider-Man manages to catch up to the Black Fox and capture him. The elderly thief begs Spider-Man to let him go, complaining about a weak heart. Unable to bring himself to turn the Black Fox in, Spider-Man confiscates the chalice and warns the thief about stealing anything again. With the chalice recovered, the Prowler removes the data and the chalice is returned. The next morning, as Peter and Mary Jane are waiting for their flight home, they catch a news report about Transcorp's shady business dealings and how Mindy Brown was cleared of all charges. Meanwhile, on a flight back to Europe, the Black Fox gloats about fooling Spider-Man once again, even going so far to swear on his mother's grave that he will never steal again. He thinks his mother will find this hilarious when he sees her next.Turning in some crooks, Spider-Man is accosted by a television crew at the police station who are trying to get an interview out of him. Spider-Man is fed up with the media attention and webs up the camera, he tells them to set up an interview with Peter Parker and leave him alone. The wall-crawler then physically moves the cameraman out of his way so he can leave out the window. Spider-Man chastises himself for letting his temper getting the better of him, as he has enough bad press as Spider-Man, but he can't help but feel jealous of the attention Spider-Man is over the book that has Peter Parker's name on it. While he can use the extra money on his book tour for Spider-Man appearances, Peter has decided that he should keep his alter-ego's presence minimal. Something made harder after his impromptu appearance in Los Angeles trying to capture the Black Fox. Arriving on the rooftop where he stashed his clothing, Spider-Man changes back into Peter Parker, thankful that he has a loving wife to balance out his double life as Spider-Man. Meanwhile, Buck Mitty is returning to his apartment with a load of electronics he just recently purchased. He ignores the taunts from the neighborhood children, as he intends to use the equipment to build a new Humbug uniform. Meanwhile, at Bedford Towers, Peter Parker returns home with a rose for his wife, Mary Jane. She is delighted, however, their romantic moment is interrupted by Jonathan Caeser, the owner of Bedford Towers. He heard that the Parkers were back from Los Angeles and wanted to welcome Mary Jane back with a large bouquet of flowers. Caeser than invites Mary Jane to dinner, however, they are scheduled to go to Cleveland for Peter's book tour. Mary Jane and Peter agree to see him for dinner when they come back. Caeser agrees although he is less than happy about Mary Jane's husband joining them. After Caeser leaves, Mary Jane tells Peter that she is going to give Jonathan's flowers to the cleaning lady, and put his single flower in a vase. This reassures any worries in Peter's mind that she might have even the slightest interest in Jonathan Caeser.That evening, the Black Cat has returned to New York City. She has decided that she does love Spider-Man and decides to pay him a visit. She goes to Peter Parker's old apartment in Chelsea and discovers that he no longer lives there. After an embarrassing encounter with the apartment's new tenant, the Black Cat leaves in order to figure out where Peter has moved. The next day, Peter is in Cleveland for a promotional appearance for his book, Webs. Backstage he signs a copy of his book for a fan who drops a bunch of old comic books on the floor. Picking up an issue of Action Comics, Peter recalls how he had that issue growing up. The kid tells him that he is selling his old comics to pay for tuition and leaves. Later, while Peter is signing autographs, Mary Jane surprises him for, she bought the comic book that he was admiring. In Chicago, at the office high rise of William Dukane, the wealthy businessman is interrupted by a man who appears to be Ronald Carson. "Carson" informs Dukane that he is taking over the company. When William threatens to call security, he is shocked when "Ronald" suddenly changes into an exact copy of himself. This other "William Dukane" then shoots William with a dart that causes the businessman to collapse on his desk.The next day, back in New York City, Buck Mitty has driven his van to Empire State University. Putting on his Humbug costume, he vows to get revenge against the university for cutting his funding in the study of insects. He decides to get revenge by stealing some expensive paintings that the university has in storage. Using his recordings of insect sounds, Humbug blasts open a door that he thinks leads to the paintings. Instead, he is embarassed to discover that he has broken into the women's locker room and is chased out by a bunch of angry women. That evening, Aunt May is visiting Peter and Mary Jane's new condo for the first time. Aunt May decides to leave as Peter and Mary Jane have to go to Jonathan Caeser's party. However, before she goes, she tells Peter that she is proud of him and his new home, and also because he decided to go back to school. When she asks him about his assistantship grant, Peter realizes that he hasn't finished his paper and it is due that evening by 9 o'clock. Even though Jonathan Caeser makes Peter uncomfortable, he has no choice but to web-sling to ESU to drop the paper off.Later that evening, Humbug has returned to the university, this time he intends to try and steal a new experimental sonic electron extraction device. Underestimating how loud his insect sonic blast, Humbug not only blasts open the security door but also blows out all the windows in the building. This is spotted by Spider-Man, who goes to investigate the cause. There he tries to stop Humbug. When the villain tries to blast Spider-Man with his sonic weapons, the hero redirects the blast with a parabolic dish. The redirected blast send Humbug sailing out the window and onto the ground below. When campus security arrives on the scene, Humbug uses his powers to set the engine of their car on fire. Spider-Man has to stop to put out the flames before the car explodes, but he is informed by the people gathered that Humbug fled into the science building. Humbug has fled into the entomology lab, where he is chastised by a student who had a deadline to meet. When Spider-Man comes crashing in, Humbug takes the student hostage. However, the villain quickly surrenders when Spider-Man threatens to smash a bottle full of insects. Later, Peter arrives at Jonathan Caeser's party and finds a man trying to impose himself on Mary Jane. When Peter tells the man to stop harassing his wife, he tries to get rid of Peter by using his martial arts moves on him. Peter easily deflects his kick and Caeser has the man thrown out of the party. Mary Jane decides to call it a night, as they both have to be up early, as Peter has an engagement in Chicago and Mary Jane has a modeling gig in New York. Hearing this, Caeser bids the Parkers a good night. Thinking to himself, Caeser vows to make Mary Jane his by Monday evening. While in Chicago, "William Dukane" meets with some shady underworld characters. However, this is not Dukane at all, but the international criminal known as the Chameleon.Peter and his wife Mary Jane are out shopping when they are interrupted by a woman who wants Mary Jane to sign a magazine that she is featured in.. When the woman thinks she recognizes, Peter tells her about his book, Webs, but she thinks he's actually someone she went to school with. When Peter tries to correct her, she thinks he is being rude and indignantly leaves the store. The couple laughs it up and then head home with their groceries. At Bedford Towers, they are in the middle of unpacking their groceries when Jonathan Caeser pays a visit. This rankles Peter, as he thinks the owner of the building is being too hospitable. Curious, he listens in on their conversation and overhears Caeser offering to do anything Mary Jane asks while Peter is in Chicago for a book signing. Peter's peeping is discovered by Caeser and he leaves. Mary Jane picks up on this and asks Peter if he is jealous of Jonathan. He tells her that he doesn't have a jealous bone in his body, but he crushes a can of soda into his face, suggesting otherwise. As Mary Jane assures her husband that he has nothing to worry about, Jonathan Caeser goes into a secret room in his condo where he has a shrine to Mary Jane and begins obsessing over her image.Later, in Chicago, Peter Parker and his publicist Ginny Edwards are taking in the sights of the city from atop of the Willis Tower. Soon they go for a book signing at an upscale bookstore chain, where Peter's book is on display in the front window. Although Peter is delighted, once he meets his adoring fans, he begins to regret his notoriety. Meanwhile, at the office of businessman William Dukane, the man who has been posing as the businessman over the past few days leaves for the day. "William's" change in character has disturbed his change in personality. When the impostor returns home, he checks on the real William Dukane who has been tied up in his bedroom since the impostor stole his identity. He assures his prisoner that he will return Dukane's business once he has exploited the business connections it has. The Chameleon then changes back to his true form and decides to relax for the evening by watching an old Lon Chaney film. Lost in thought, the Chameleon thinks about his humble beginnings as a spy for the Russians. He recalls how he soon lost sight of his vision and soon got involved in petty criminal activities and his need for revenge against Spider-Man. Having decided his rededication to his original goals, the Chameleon underwent experimentation to make his entire body. With a specially created belt, he can now assume the likeness of anyone down to the most minute detail, negating his need for his old disguises. With these new powers, he is determined to bring about the ruination of the United States of America.The next morning, Peter Parker and Ginny Edwards arrive at the Midtown Convention Center, where Peter is going to be named an honorary citizen of Chicago by the mayor. However, Peter is more interested in the science expo that is happening there. Particularly the guest speaker, Dr. Edmund Debevic, a leading expert on superconductivity. Meanwhile, the Chameleon intends to kidnap the doctor and assumes the guise of a Chicago police captain. At the scheduled time, some local crooks the Chameleon hired begin staging a robbery, allowing the Chameleon to utilize his disguise to sneak Dr. Debevic. In the ensuing confusion, Peter manages to slip away and change into Spider-Man. The wall-crawler easily dispatches the crooks and learns that Dr. Debevic is missing and goes looking for him. In the basement of the convention center, the Chameleon handcuffs Edmund to a pipe. He takes the scientists identity, explaining that he intends to steal Edmund's work for the government and sell them to foreign governments. He then prepares to set off an explosive to eliminate Debevic in order to make his infiltration complete. That's when Spider-Man comes crashing through the door. Seeing two Debevic's in the room, Spider-Man is briefly confused when the villain tosses down the bomb. Quick thinking, Spider-Man webs up the bomb and tags the fleeing Chameleon with a spider-tracer. Spider-Man then shields the real Edmund Debevic with his body to protect him when the bomb goes off.As the police arrive on the scene, Spider-Man takes off to capture the Chameleon. The villain attempts to change his identity as he flees through the busy streets, but thanks to the wall-crawler's spider-tracer, Spider-Man keeps on him. Unable to shake Spider-Man, the Chameleon takes advantage when a beat cop tries to stop Spider-Man, thinking he is chasing an innocent civilian. While the officer is distracted, the Chameleon grabs his gun and takes hostages. He ushers them into a movie theater. There, the villain discovers the spider-tracer, figuring out how Spider-Man was able to follow him. He then disguises himself as one of the hostages and lets them all go. In all the confusion, Spider-Man finds his discarded spider-tracer. Meanwhile, the Chameleon disguises himself as a bus driver and escapes the scene. Unable to find the Chameleon, Spider-Man changes back to Peter Parker and returns to the convention center. There he gets the third degree from Ginny, who is upset that Spider-Man showed up unannounced, and asks Peter to have the hero coordinate with their publicity campaign. Peter wonders to himself if his wife ever has days like this.At that moment in New York City, Mary Jane has finished her scheduled photoshoot and returns home to Bedford Tower. There, she discovers two intruders in her home. They are joined by Jonathan Caeser, who informs Mary Jane that he has come for her. Mary Jane tries to scream, however the soundproofing of her condo ensures that Caeser's kidnapping goes unnoticed.Having returned from Chicago, Peter Parker discovers that his wife Mary Jane is missing. He calls the police who do a search of the Parker condo in Bedford Towers but find no clues as to where Mary Jane might be. Sgt. Frances Tork asks Peter to give yet another statement one more time. Tork then tells Peter to let the police handle finding his wife and to wait by the phone. When the police leave, Peter wonders if one of his old foes discovered his secret identity and kidnapped Mary Jane in order to get at him. This idea makes him furious and as he begins to put on his Spider-Man costume, he vows to make whoever is responsible pay for taking his wife. Unfortunately, Peter is unaware that his wife is closer than he thinks. She is being held prisoner in a secret room constructed by the owner of Bedford Towers, Jonathan Caeser. Caeser offers to get anything Mary Jane wants, and she sarcastically requests for a gun. When he caresses her face with his finger, he slaps Jonathan across the face. Angered, Caeser strikes back but then begins to cry, telling not to force him to hit her again. When she asks him what he wants, Jonathan explains that he only wants her. Showing off his shrine to Mary Jane, he reveals that he was never denied anything during his wealthy upbringing. Caeser explains that upon seeing Mary Jane in a magazine spread, he became determined to have her and manipulated events to get her into Bedford Towers so he can confine her to the secret room he has constructed. He then tells her that he will build her a second room, once they are married. Left alone, Mary Jane collapses to the floor praying for Peter to save her. Spider-Man's wife Mary Jane has gone missing and the hero is tearing up criminal operations in order to find her. In the Bronx, the wall-crawler attacks Manslaughter Marsdale at Hunzigger's Gym. He knocks Marsdale to the ground with a single blow and webs the crooked boxer up so he can answer his questions. Marsdale tells the wall-crawler to do his worst, as he has had an operation that made him incapable of feeling pain. Spider-Man threatens to rip his arm off anyway, but Marsdale tells the hero that he can't tell what he doesn't know. Hearing this, Spider-Man leaves without another word. Pulling himself off the ground, Manslaughter decides to tell his associate Madame Fang to spread the word on the street. By evening, Spider-Man is perched atop a building wondering where things went wrong. Things were going great for him and Mary Jane, but she suddenly went missing and he hasn't been able to find a single clue as to her whereabouts. Feeling useless, the wall-crawler angrily punches a stone gargoyle. Giving up for the night, Spider-Man returns home and hopes that his wife is still alive.He's unaware that Mary Jane is being held prisoner by Jonathan Caeser, the man who owns Bedford Towers. In the specially made room where he is keeping her prisoner, directly below her home, Mary Jane is forced to have dinner with Caeser. The deranged man goes over his goes over his insane plan to get married to Mary Jane. She tries to reason with him, explaining that she already married. When he begins talking about consummating their "marriage" in the bedroom he constructed for them, Mary Jane throws ice from a champagne bucket in Jonathan's face and tries to make a run for it. When she tries to escape from the room, she runs into Jonathan's bodyguards. Caeser is furious and pulls out a switchblade and warns Mary Jane that he will use it if she tries to escape again. The two guards warn Jonathan that Spider-Man has been hunting for Mary Jane. Caeser finds this interesting and decides to call in some special bodyguards to deal with the masked hero.The next morning, Peter Parker is at the Daily Bugle, where he tells Glory Grant that there is no news on where Mary Jane might be. When J. Jonah Jameson enters the room, he wants to know why Peter is in his office bothering his full-time employee. Once Peter leaves, Jameson orders his staff to put all their efforts in trying to find Mary Jane. When Glory Grant comments about Jameson caring, he scoffs at the idea, saying that it will sell more newspapers. Peter decides that he should go and visit his Aunt May and break the news to her. However, he makes a stop at the hospital to see how Joe Robertson is coming along while he recovers from injuries inflicted upon him by Tombstone. After Joe hears how Jameson has been running the Bugle in his absence, Joe remarks that he feels helpless. Meanwhile, in the secret room in Bedford Towers where Mary Jane is being held prisoner, the men that were hired by Jonathan Caeser arrive. They are two mercenaries for hire named Styx and Stone. Mary Jane begins to fear for her husband's safety when she witnesses Styx touches a plant with his bare hands, killing it instantly. Later that evening, Spider-Man has spent yet another fruitless search for his missing wife. His approach to Bedford Towers is witnessed by Caeser and Mary Jane. Jonathan orders Styx and Stone to attack. Although they try to ambush the wall-crawler, Spider-Man's spider-sense warns him of the approaching danger, evading a chain fired at him by Stone. Seeking a location where innocent people cannot get hurt, Spider-Man lures his foes into Central Park. Because Spider-Man is capable of dodging all of the various weapons in Stone's shoulder cannons, the villain blinds Spider-Man with a bright flash of light. Back at Bedford Towers, Mary Jane attempts to incapacitate Jonathan by electrocution by tossing a broken lamp on a puddle of melted ice cubes that her captor is standing in. This doesn't work thanks to fact that Jonathan is grounded by the rubber soles of his shoes. When Caeser pulls out a switchblade, Mary Jane smashes the lamp across his face, knocking him out. When Caeser's goons enter the room, Mary Jane notes that they are wearing leather shoes. This makes them vulnerable to the electricity in the lamp, and she incapacitates them in the same way she planned to do to Jonathan. She then takes one of their guns and flees the room she has been held captive in.Back in Central Park, the blinded wall-crawler is still able to dodge the blasts fired by Stone. Unfortunately, the villain eventually traps Spider-Man in some adhesive gel. This leaves Spider-Man vulnerable to the deadly touch of Styx. However, before he can eliminate their foe, Mary Jane arrives and opens fire on them. Spider-Man then reaches out and crushes Stone's shoulder cannons. With bullets flying in their direction, the two villains escape in their Turbo-Hopper and flee the park. Pulling his feet free from the adhesive, Spider-Man and Mary Jane are reunited. With his vision coming back and with police on their way, Spider-Man takes off to change back into Peter Parker. When he returns home, it's just as Jonathan Caeser is being taken into police custody. After giving a statement to Sargent Tork, Peter and Mary Jane head back to their condo. When Peter laments that he couldn't protect his wife, Mary Jane points out that Jonathan Caeser would have kidnapped her even if her husband wasn't secretly Spider-Man. She then tells him that they have to help and protect each other together, as that is what being in love is all about.The costumed villain known as Killer Shrike is in the middle of robbing an armored truck. During his brazen theft, a security guard goes for his gun but the villain sees this. However, before he can harm the officer with his talons, Shrike is interrupted by the arrival of Spider-Man. Spider-Man's speed an agility make him a difficult target for Killer Shrike's energy blasts. Hearing police sirens, Killer Shrike picks up a dumpster and tosses it at the wall-crawler. As Spider-Man dodges the projectile, Shrike uses the opportunity to try and fly away. Unable to follow after his foe, Spider-Man recovers his automatic camera from the side of a building. He hopes that he has pictures good enough to sell to the Daily Bugle as he could use the money because he is going to be continuing his education. Although Peter was awarded a research grant and money is coming in from promoting his book, Webs, his post-graduate education could take years to complete. Returning to his condo apartment, Spider-Man's spider-sense warns him that his wife, Mary Jane is not alone in their home. After the man leaves, Mary Jane explains to Peter that she got the locks changed since Jonathan Caeser used a passkey to get into their home and kidnap her. When the couple begin to get romantic with each other, Peter remembers that he has to get to Empire State University and register for his courses, cutting this moment short. Mary Jane suggests that they go out for dinner after.Later, at Empire State University, Peter manages to register for the two courses he will be able to manage at the time. He then looks for the lab of Doctor Evan Swann, who he will be working with as a research assistant. There he meets Ann-Marie Baker, who will also be working as an assistant for Dr. Swann. Peter and Ann-Marie get to know each other a little before they are joined by Dr. Swann, who hits it off with Peter immediately. The introductions are soon interrupted by the delivery of integrated geradyne. After Dr. Swann signs for it, Anne-Marie points out that they have exceeded their equipment budget and they had received a warning from the administration. Swann nervously assures her that everything will be fine and rushes out of the room. Anne-Marie explains to Peter that Evan has been acting strange since he started working on a secret project that he refuses to talk about. This concerns Peter, as his spider-sense went off briefly when Swann retreated to his lab, leaving him to wonder what it is.That evening, Peter and Mary Jane are leaving a movie theater. Mary Jane has noticed that Peter's been lost in thought and asks what's on his mind. He tells her that he is depressed at the thought of having to do homework again. On their way back to their condo, Peter tells his wife that he is restless and tells her to go on up while he gets some ice cream. However, he stops and admits that he is lying to her. He then tells her about his real troubles, his spider-sense warning him earlier that day and that he wants to go back to Empire State University as Spider-Man to investigate. He kept this from her because he didn't want Mary Jane to worry. Mary Jane admits that she will, but tells her husband to do what he needs to do. Soon, Spider-Man arrives at Evan Swann's lab. He tells the Doctor that he has detected something suspicious coming from his secret lab and demands to be let in. As Swann warns the wall-crawler that he can't, the option is taken away from him when the reason for secrecy presents itself. It's Spider-Man's old foe the Tinkerer, who reveals that he has been forcing Dr. Swann into allowing him to use his lab to build a new device, which is now complete. The Tinkerer explains that the device creates phantom electrons that can increase the speed and power of some weapons systems. Spider-Man is confused, as he believed the Tinkerer stopped fighting super-heroes. The villain confirms this but explains that he still earns a living modifying and creating weapons for other criminals and that his current client will be arriving shortly to pick up the module. No sooner is this said does Killer Shrike come crashing through the window. Both Spider-Man and Shrike are surprised to see each other again. Wanting to get the module, Shrike lashes out at the wall-crawler. Dodging Killer Shrike's energy blasts, Spider-Man orders Dr. Swann to run for cover. During the battle, Killer Shrike ignites some chemicals, causing a fire. With Evan in danger, Spider-Man focuses on saving the doctor from the flames. Meanwhile, Killer Shrike explains that he doesn't have the money to pay the Tinkerer for the module yet and asks to have it now and pay him later. The Tinkerer refuses at first but relents when Shrike threatens to harm him. However, this was all a ruse on the Tinkerer's part, as he left an important component out of the device in the event that Killer Shrike attempted to double-cross him. When Shrike adds the module to his weapon's systems and tries to blast Spider-Man, the entire system short circuits stunning Killer Shrike. This gives Spider-Man to land a knock out blow, however, while he is doing this, the Tinkerer manages to make his escape. Still, Spider-Man is glad they caught Killer Shrike and that he will be going to jail. However, Dr. Swann fears that he will be joining the criminal as well. When the authorities arrive and take Killer Shrike away, Spider-Man asks Evan why he willingly helped the Tinkerer. Dr. Swann explains that the Tinkerer learned that Evan never graduated from high school and threatened to reveal the fact that the credentials he used to get his post-secondary education was a forgery. Not wishing to have his career ruined, Swann agreed to help the Tinkerer out. As the police take Evan away, Spider-Man thinks how both her and Evan have something in common, that they both wanted a higher education to get the careers they wanted. However, as Peter Parker did so legitimately, it sarcastically believes himself to be the lucky one.While out web-slinging, Spider-Man is shocked to see the stone lions outside the main branch of the New York Public Library suddenly come to life and attack the people around them. This spectacle is a shock to Spider-Man, but he quickly swoops in to keep the stone lions busy while the civilians flee. With the area clear of innocent people, Spider-Man then smashes the stone lions into pieces. He is disturbed to see the fragments of the statues are still moving even though they have been reduced to rubble. Grabbing his automatic camera from a nearby building, Spider-Man then hears someone scream and heads for the source. In a nearby alley, he spots a small-time crook named "Peanuts" Mulroony trying to mug a couple. After setting up his camera again, Spider-Man swoops in and uses his webbing to pull the gun out of Mulroony's hand. As the crook flees, Spider-Man is caught off guard when the wall he is clinging to suddenly forms into a massive stone humanoid. As the wall-crawler tries to smash the creature, one of the mugging victims tries to help Spider-Man, only to be fatally crushed. Horrified to see the man killed, Spider-Man picks up a car and throws it at the brick monster, smashing it to pieces. However, this does little to change the fact that the man is dead. When the police arrive on the scene they ask Spider-Man to make a statement. However, he has nothing to say at that moment, telling them he will go down to the station tomorrow.Peter returns home to the apartment he shares with his wife, Mary Jane. Mary Jane is sweltering in the heat after the air conditioner went on the fritz. She attempts to call a repairman, but instead of a dial tone, all she hears is a faint sound of cackling. That's when Peter returns home and tells her what happened. Peter is devastated that an innocent man died while he was trying to protect them. He was so disturbed by the fatality that he even left his camera behind at the scene. When Peter asks what he can do, Mary Jane has no answers. Thanking his wife for listening to him, Peter decides to go to bed and get some sleep. The next day, Peter Parker tries to attend his class at Empire State University. However, he cannot get the thought of the dead man out of his mind and steps out of class. In the hallway, he runs into Doctor Curt Connors. As they exchange pleasantries, Peter notices that Connors appears to be distracted. Curt assures him that it is nothing but adjusting to the new term. However, as Peter goes away, Curt admits to himself that he has been feeling odd, but dismisses it as a reaction to the strange weather. Peter then goes to the lab where he operates as a research assistant for Doctor Evan Swann. Peter notes that Dr. Swann doesn't seem very into his work. Anne-Marie, his fellow lab assistant, tells Peter that it's because of the revelation that Swann never graduated from high school and purchased a phony diploma to continue his career. The university has kept Evan employed, but have stripped him of his tenure and privileges and has yet to get over it. Peter wishes he could be sympathetic for the doctor, however, he has many of his own problems to worry about.That evening, Peter joins Mary Jane at a country-western bar called Mustang Ed's to attend a publicity bash for Le Derriére jeans, a company that Mary Jane had posed for. Peter just isn't into it, but tells Mary Jane that they couldn't just cancel at the last minute. As they plan to make a quick exit, thier attention is turned to a man named Hal who is furious that his agent hasn't landed him the acting role promised to him. When he gets violent, Peter restrains the man until the bouncer can throw him out. Pulling her husband away to the balcony outside, Mary Jane makes a parallel between the disturbance in the bar and the man who was killed the night before. She explains to him that Peter would have gotten involved even if he didn't have his spider-powers. She points out that Peter made a concious decision to help the agent, much like the man made a choice to try and help Spider-Man. Peter feels foolish for thinking only of himself, and agrees with the conclusion his wife has drawn. He goes out later to recover his camera as Spider-Man so he can move on with his life. There, Peter examines the scene and is surprised to see no sign of any rubble. Coming to the conclusion that what he saw might have been an illusion, Spider-Man decides to investigate further.He goes to a seedy bar located on the docks where he confronts Peanuts Mulroony demands to know where he can find the man who paid the money Peanuts is flashing around the bar. Frightened for his life, Mulroony caves and agrees to give the wall-crawler the information. This leads Spider-Man to a warehouse on the East Side, where his suspicions that Mysterio was somehow involved are confirmed. His old foe explains that he orchestrated the events in order to make it look like Spider-Man was responsible for the death of an innocent person in order to shake the hero on a psychological level. Wondering why Mysterio is explaining his plans instead of fighting, Spider-Man remembers that the villain's mists dull his spider-sense. Spider-Man tries to catch Mysterio in his webbing, but the villain has already fled. Following Mysterio through the only door, Spider-Man finds himself on the set of a science fiction film. There he is attacked by two animatronic creature effects. In order to get away from the robots, Spider-Man smashes through the floor where he decides to cut the electricity Mysterio needs to power his illusions. As he searches for the electrical box, Spider-Man is confronted by what appears to be the spirit of the dead man, who accuses the wall-crawler of being responsible for his death. Spider-Man knows that this is yet another one of Mysterio's illusions and smashes the electrical box. With the power cut, Mysterio's costume short circuits, knocking the villain out and ending his threat.Later, Peter Parker returns home to his wife and explains everything that happened. However, one thing that bothers him is the other bizarre incidents that happened prior to the death. Assuming that this was just another one of Mysterio's mad illusions, Peter figures that all the craziness will end. However, Peter cannot be further from the truth, as at that moment the Empire State Building is undergoing a strange transformation. A man waiting for an elevator inside the building is horrified when the elevator doors turn into a massive mouth with razor sharp teeth. Before he can scream, the man is eaten alive. While in Hicksville, Long Island, Harry Osborn wakes up screaming after having a nightmare about the Green Goblin. This wakes up his wife, Liz, who asks Harry what's wrong. He lies, telling his wife that his nightmare was a combination of workplace pressure and being a father. He decides to go and check on his son, Normie. The young Osborn child is still asleep, and Harry vows not to let his past affect his son as it has done to him. Harry says this completely unaware of the fact that the Hobgoblin is watching from the shadows outside the window.This story is continues in Spectacular Spider-Man #146...This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #47...After his son has been family has been terrorized by the Hobgoblin, Harry Osborn has been pushed too far. This traumatic event caused the memories of his father being the Green Goblin to resurface, as well as his memories that he once briefly taken his father's costumed identity. To this end, Harry uncovers his old Green Goblin costume and equipment, which he hid under the floorboards of the attic and leaves before his wife, Liz Allan, can see him.Meanwhile, in Manhattan, the heatwave continues as the Empire State Building strangely grows. Peter Parker and his wife, Mary Jane, are standing on the balcony of their condo at Bedford Towers trying to make sense of what's going on. Peter is worried about what's happening and decides to check on his Aunt May in Queens. Mary Jane offers to join him after she is finished a magazine spread that she has to do that day, and Peter needs to go to the Daily Bugle. Although the couple don't want to separate, they go about their daily responsibilities.Meanwhile, the Green Goblin arrives at Osborn Chemicals and is shocked to see the building is covered in ice, a power he doesn't believe the Hobgoblin ever had. Inside, the villain is furious to see that Harry had lied to him. At that moment, Peter has arrived at the Daily Bugle, where the newsroom is in chaos as the staff tries to get a paper out even though their demonically possessed machinery is revolting against them. Peter asks publisher J. Jonah Jameson where he can go to get some photos of the Bugle. Jameson is furious, pointing out all the strange occurrences that have been happening around the city and tells Parker to take pictures of anything because the city is the story. As Jameson storms off, reporter Joy Mercado apologizes for Jonah's terse behavior, saying that he has been riding everybody. While back at Osborn Chemicals, the Hobgoblin is furious that Harry has not brought the details of the Goblin Formula. When the Hobgoblin attack's him, Harry attempts to defend himself with his Green Goblin gear, however, he is out of practice and wonders if this wasn't such a great idea after all.Later, Peter arrives at Empire State University where he is told the school has been shut down to all the strange activity going on. Inside, Doctor Curt Connors is still feeling under the weather. In the cafeteria, he bumps into one of his students who is frightened when Connor's reflection appears as that of the Lizard. This bothers Connors, however, he is certain that he has his transformations into the Lizard under control. However, as he walks back to his office, he begins to transform into his reptilian alter-ego. When Peter returns home to Bedford Towers, the doorman has a letter from him. It's from Liz Osborn, explaining Normie's kidnapping at the hands of the Hobgoblin and her fears that Harry went after him alone. Peter decides to get involved as Spider-Man and hopes that Mary Jane will be okay until he can check on her. At that moment, Mary Jane is in the middle of a photo shoot wearing ancient Egyptian garb when suddenly the gold snake jewelry that she is wearing comes to life.  She shakes them off, but wonders how they can kill something made out of gold. Meanwhile, Peter has changed into Spider-Man, and swinging across the city he is disturbed by the strange transformations that are happening across the city. He soon arrives at Osborn Chemicals and crashes in on the battle between the Hobgoblin and Green Goblin. As he defends himself from the Hobgoblin, Spider-Man is worried that Harry is the Green Goblin again, worrying over how much of Harry's repressed memories have returned. As Spider-Man tries to protect Harry from their mutual foe, Osborn resists Spider-Man's interference, telling the wall-crawler that this is a family affair that he must resolve on his own. Back at the photo shoot, Mary Jane defends her from the animated gold snakes with a fire axe. Seeing that these creatures can be stopped, the photo crew grab sharp objects to hack the creatures to bits. Back at Osborn Chemicals, the battle has taken everyone outside, where Spider-Man snags a web-line on the Hobgoblin's glider. However, the villain makes the hero crash into a water tower. This gives the Green Goblin a chance to catch up, and overcoming his fear of getting hurt or killed, Harry manages to use his superior experience with the Goblin weaponry, forcing his opponent to crash. The Green Goblin confronts his foe, warning him against going after his family again. When he learns that the Hobgoblin seeks the Goblin Formula, Harry explains that the only known copy was destroyed some time ago. The Hobgoblin breaks free from Osborn's hold and lashes out with finger blasts. However, Spider-Man leaps in and pushes Harry to safety. Having had enough, the Hobgoblin flees the scene. Seeing that Harry is okay, Spider-Man admits that he was impressed by Harry's actions this day and suggests that Osborn take up a crime-fighting career. Harry shoots this idea down, telling the wall-crawler that he has other responsibilities, mainly being a husband and a father.As Spider-Man and the Green Goblin part company, Spider-Man decides to go check on his family since things in the city are getting out of control. He worries that things are getting out of control. At that moment, back at Empire State University, Curt Connors has completely transformed into the Lizard.... This story continues in Spectacular Spider-Man #147...This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #48...With Manhattan under invasion from demons, Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane are taking a cab to Queens to check on Peter's Aunt May. As they pass through the Midtown Tunnel, the cab is attacked by a flying shark, which rips the roof off the vehicle. While Mary Jane distracts the driver, Peter uses one of his web-shooters to rope the shark and knock it out with his spider-strength. As they continue on their way, Peter hopes that Queens isn't in the same condition as Manhattan. At that moment at Empire State University, Curt Connors struggles to keep his transformation into the Lizard at bay. However, despite his efforts, Connors transforms into his reptilian alter-ego. Meanwhile, Peter and Mary Jane arrive at Aunt May's home in Queens, where the Inferno invasion has barely been felt. There they are greeted by Mary Jane's niece, Kristy. Kristy is happy to see them, but she plays up her crush on Peter hard enough to make him embarassed. When he asks where Aunt May is, Kristy reveals that May had traveled into the city to check on them. Peter begins to panic and tells Mary Jane that he needs to go back into the city and find her. Mary Jane agrees to wait here with Kristy, telling Peter to be careful. Soon, Mary Jane and Kristy are in the kitchen. While her cousin gorges on some food, Mary Jane can't eat because she is worried about her husband. Suddenly, Aunt May returns home, having been sent back home by a police officer. When she asks where Peter is, Mary Jane tells May that he stepped out for a moment.At that moment, Martha Connors and her son Billy are heading into Manhattan, in an attempt to reconcile her marriage with Curt. Martha can't help but think how Curt's many transformations into the Lizard after experimenting on himself to regrow a lost arm has put an incredible strain on their marriage. Meanwhile, Spider-Man arrives at Bedford Towers and finds no trace of Aunt May, unaware that she is safe and sound back in Queens. Worried for her safety, Spider-Man decides to go to the only other place she could have gone looking for him is at Empire State University. There, Martha and Billy are ushered onto the ESU grounds by the security guard, unaware that he has been possessed by demons. He lures the Connors into the ESU library where he pulls a horde of demons out of a card catalog. At that very moment, a two boys break into the warehouse where a massive parade balloon of Spider-Man is stored. They are upset that their vacation from Texas was interrupted by the strange happenings and the annual parade in question was canceled. They are soon frightened away when the balloon suddenly comes to life and chases them away.Back at Empire State University, Martha and Billy Connors are saved from the demons by the Lizard. Seeing this is Spider-Man, who assumes that Curt Connors willingly turned into the Lizard to save his family. His attention is then turned to the Spider-Man balloon that is now on a rampage in the streets of New York City. When he tries to attack the sentient balloon flicks the wall-crawler off its body. Needing something sharp to deflate the balloon, Spider-Man climbs up to the top of the Chrysler Building and breaks off the needle at the top. He then leaps down and uses it to poke a hole into the renegade balloon, causing it to deflate. Meanwhile, Martha and her son discover that they were saved by the Lizard, so the creature can kill them himself. That's when Spider-Man comes to their rescue, knocking a bookshelf on top of the Lizard. Promising to restore Curt to normal again, Spider-Man takes his family to the nearest science lab. There, the wall-crawler quickly whips up the formula that he has used to cure Connors in the past. When the Lizard come crashing into the lab, Spider-Man forces the creature to swallow the formula. However, the reptiles willpower is trying to fight off the transformation. Recalling that the Lizard's transformations are electrochemical in nature, the wall-crawler rips an electrical wire out of the floor, prepared to use electricity to speed up the formula.That's when Billy Connors gets in the way, begging Spider-Man not to harm his father. This distracts Spider-Man long enough for the Lizard to knock the hero away with his tail. When the Lizard turns to harm Billy, he suddenly loses control of his arm, as Connors begins trying to regain control of his body. The Lizard attempts to rip off his arm, confident that a new one will grow back in its place. However, his focus is interrupted when Spider-Man burns him with a bunsen burner. This distracts the Lizard long enough for his rogue arm to grab hold of the exposed wire. The electrical jolt is sufficient enough to speed up the formula, allowing Curt Connors to revert back to human form. When Billy tries to run to his father's side, Curt tells the boy to keep away and crumples to the floor. Later, after Curt has composed himself and determined that he family is unharmed, Curt refuses to reconcile with his wife, fearing that he may become the Lizard once again and harm his family. Before Spider-Man can continue his search for Aunt May, Mary Jane arrives in a cab searching for her husband. After telling Spider-Man that his aunt is safe, Peter is happy to hear the good news, however, as he watches Curt Connors walking away from his family he wishes this evening could have had a happier ending for the Connors family. At that moment at Castner County Maximum Security Prison, Jonathan Caeser is released into the custody of his lawyer, Malcolm Kinderman. Kinderman has managed to use a number of legal loopholes on behalf of his client. Even in prison Caeser has been plotting to get revenge against Mary Jane for spurning his romantic advances.This story continues in Spectacular Spider-Man #148...It's Christmas Eve, and Peter Parker, his wife Mary Jane, and Aunt May return to Peter's condo at Bedford Towers to discover that he and Mary Jane are being evicted. The eviction notice is handed to them by Jonathan Caeser's lawyer, Malcolm Kinderman. Kinderman explains that while his client is in jail, he is still within his rights to evict the Parkers. When Mary Jane asks about the money she invested in their condo, Malcolm explains that her money will be tied up in legal litigation, which should be over -- in a number of years.  Stuck without a home, Aunt May offers to store Peter and Mary Jane's possessions and offers to put them up in her boarding house. Peter thanks his Aunt for the offer, but tells her that they already have a place to stay. Meanwhile, at the J.C. Herdling, owner Howell Thurston III is complaining about how inconvenient and costly it is that Christmas Eve has fallen on a Saturday this year. He is particularly upset of the extra expense of hiring a security firm to transport the day's receipts to a vault in Manhattan. He is at least glad that his assistant, Clark, is dutifully working for him on Christmas Eve as he has done for the past 23 years. Clark, admiring the pistol he has hidden in his briefcase, assures his boss that he is going to find this holiday season particularly rewarding. Hours later, Peter and Mary Jane send Aunt May off in a cab, assuring her that they will be by that evening for Christmas dinner. Soon, some movers are by to pick up the Parker's belongings off the side of the street. With this unpleasantness out of the way, Mary Jane gives up trying to guess where Peter has arranged for them to stay now that they are homeless. Peter admits that he doesn't actually have a place lined up. He tells his wife that after establishing himself on his own, he feels that going back to the house he grew up in to live with his Aunt now would be like taking a big step backward. Passing by Central Park, the couple witnesses a purse snatching. Peter resigns to the fact that he has to do something about it.Quickly changing into Spider-Man, Peter chases after the mugger, quickly catching him in a spider's web. Returning the purse to the woman, she is grateful as it is all the money she has. As a reward, the woman gives Peter a box of homemade macaroons. With the situation under control, Spider-Man swings off so he can get on with his holiday plans. Meanwhile, at a private security firm in Flushing, the armored car scheduled to pick up the money from J.C. Herdling takes off without signing out. The guard on duty is surprised that they took off like a bunch of amateurs, unaware that the real truck drivers have been tied up and gagged behind a stack of boxes. Later, at the office of the Daily Bugle, Peter Parker has come to J. Jonah Jameson for leads on a photo assignment. Jameson tells Parker he has none and tells him to enjoy the Christmas party that is being thrown at the Bugle. Checking with his wife, Mary Jane tells him that his lawyer suggests that they sue Caeser to get her investment back, but that will take some time. Still, Mary Jane doesn't want to dwell on the situation right now and goes to mingle with the others at the Christmas party. Still trying to figure out where he and Mary Jane will stay, Peter considers who to ask to help. He decides against Joe Robertson and his wife, as they are busy preparing foe Joe's impending court date. He also considers asking Joy Mercado but decides against it thinking it might create tension in his marriage, much like the situation with Mary Jane's cousin, Kristy. In desperation, Peter even briefly considers asking J. Jonah Jameson.After the party, Peter sends Mary Jane ahead to Aunt May's while he finishes some last minute shopping. In reality, he's still mulling over who to ask to put them up. He tried asking Harry and Liz Osborn but decided against it after hearing how many families had come to visit them for the holidays. This leaves Flash Thompson, so Peter goes to see him at the gym where he teaches kids how to box. Flash explains that his apartment was recently trashed, and he had been staying in a backroom at the gym. But, after hearing how much a bind that Peter and Mary Jane are in, he offers it to them, and he will stay at the local YMCA. Peter is thankful for the help but still feels lousy. While back at J.C. Herdling, Howel Thurston is overseeing the transport of the day's income when suddenly Clark makes his move. Pulling the gun out of his coat, he sticks it in Thurston's back, revealing that he intends to rob it, having hired men to take the place of the real security guards.At that moment, Peter has stopped by the cemetery where his Uncle Ben has been buried. He wishes his uncle was there to give him advice, conflicted between his need for independence and the assistance being offered by his Aunt May. While at the department store, Clark and his men are interrupted by a security guard. They take the store Santa as a hostage, allowing them to escape with the armored car full of money. Hearing the sirens from the police, Peter leaves his Uncle's grave in order to investigate the problem. Spider-Man leaps onto the roof of the armored car, causing it to crash near the cemetery. From there, Spider-Man rounds up all of the phony guards. When Clark threatens to shoot Spider-Man, the hero is surprised when the mall Santa sneaks up behind Clark and knocks him out with one of the bags of stolen money. After the thieves are turned over to the police, Spider-Man changes back into his civilian guise. As he does so, Peter spies his Aunt May standing at her late husband's grave. When he approaches May, she reveals that she comes to visit Ben's grave every Christmas, but never told him because he didn't want to ruin the holidays for Peter. Feeling like a heel for letting his own pride get in the way of his Aunt May's offer for help, Peter decides to accept he assistance. Later, back at May's home, Peter and Mary Jane celebrate the holidays with May and Mary Jane's cousin Kristy. Pulling Mary Jane aside, Peter worries about keeping his double-identity secret living under the same roof as both May and Kristy but is glad that he has made his Aunt May happy. Mary Jane is happy as well, and when she kisses Peter, Aunt May playfully scolds them for not kissing under the mistletoe.At the Vault prison in Colorado, a guard notices someone passed out in the sonic cell that has been holding Venom prisoner since his capture. However, when he drops the sound wall, the guard realizes, much to his horror, that it was really Venom in disguise. Willing his symbiote to resume its normal form, Venom suffocates the guard. Still, Eddie Brock feels bad for killing an innocent person, however, in his warped sense of justice, it is a necessary evil to get revenge against Spider-Man. Meanwhile, the object of Venom's obsession is in the middle of a battle with Hydroman after the villain attempted to rob the payroll at a construction site. Spider-Man attempts to trick Hydroman into spraying an exposed electrical box, but the villain second-guesses him. However, Spider-Man manages to burst bags of cement powder on his foe, causing him to lose cohesion. Unfortunately, Hydroman manages to escape by turning into liquid form and leaking into a drain. With the battle over, Spider-Man recovers his camera, hoping the pictures give him some much-needed money now that they have been evicted from their condo and Mary Jane's investment is tied up in a legal battle. Heading back to Queens, Spider-Man laments over the fact that he and his wife had to move back into his old room at Aunt May's house. The wall-crawler slips into a window into the basement where he has set up a dark room to develop photos and to cover for his comings and goings as Spider-Man. Changing back to his civilian identity, Peter Parker goes upstairs and learns from Mary Jane that the coast is clear. She asks him if he wants to accompany her to Manhattan as she has a photo shoot to do. Peter has photos to bring to the Bugle and agrees to accompany her. On their way out, Peter bumps into Aunt May's boarders Arthur Chekov and the Palermos who are going to see poetry in the park. The only person not attending is Nathan Lubenski who grumpily dismisses the idea of listening to "nursery rhymes". He goes into the kitchen to say goodbye to Aunt May and Mary Jane's cousin Kristy. On his way out the door, Peter passes by Aunt May's room and spies Nathan going through Aunt May's wallet.While back at the Vault, Venom has broken into the security room and forces the guard to facilitate his escape. While back in New York City, Spider-Man is returning to Queens after selling his photos to the Daily Bugle. On the way, he spots Nathan Lubensky having a fit in front of a bank machine as he has maxed out the withdrawal limit from Aunt May's account for the day and he still needs more money. Changing back to his civilian guise, Peter confronts Nathan and demands to know why he has Aunt May's bank card, revealing that he Nathan going through her purse. Caught red-handed, Nathan admits that his gambling addiction has gotten the better of him. He reveals this was the reason why he was hospitalized some time ago. He explains that the people he owes money to now want a large sum repayment as a good faith measure. Peter promises to keep Nathan's secret but asks for Aunt May's card back. Worrying that Aunt May will check her balance, Peter deposits the money he made from the Daily Bugle into her account.When Peter returns to Aunt May's house, he is surprised to see Mary Jane back already. She tells him that when she arrived at her shoot, the client decided that she wasn't quite what he was looking for. Peter then pulls Mary Jane aside to tell her what happened today. Meanwhile, Aunt May and Kristy catch Nathan in the kitchen, and May scolds him for sneak a snack. Nathan bashfully exits the kitchen, and that's when May notices flour on the counter, leaving both her and Kristy to wonder what's going on. That evening, Nathan goes to meet the loan sharks at a nearby basketball court, unaware that he is being followed by Spider-Man. When he tells them that he doesn't have the full amount they have asked for, they decide to rough him up some more. However, this time, Nathan is prepared for them and slashes one of the goons with a kitchen knife he swiped from May's kitchen, and sprays a can of bug spray in the face of another. One of the men pulls a gun, but Lubenski blinds him by throwing a bag of flour in his face. However, before the mobsteres can turn around his advantage, Spider-Man swoops in and quickly trounces the loan sharks and leave them webbed up to a basketball hoop. As Spider-Man leaves, the mobsters vow to get revenge against Lubenski. However, Peter Parker soon arrives on the scene and tells them that he took photos of them while trying to get action photos of Spider-Man for the Daily Bugle. When Peter threatens to take the photos to the District Attorney, they relent. As both Peter and Nathan heads back to May's house, Peter gets Nathan to promise to quit gambling as it could lead to someone he cares about getting hurt. The next day, Nathan goes out for the morning paper, and once he is away from the others, Nathan buys a bunch of lottery tickets is immediately ashamed of himself. While in St. Louis, Eddie Brock has been picked up by a young family while hitchhiking. They have agreed to drive him to New York, and are fascinated with his story about traveling across America and sleeping in caves. When the husband asks Eddie if he is afraid of snakes, Brock smiles and tells them what he really hates are spiders.Venom has arrived in New York City to get revenge against Spider-Man. Hiding out in the sewers, he comes across a homeless man and catches him. Venom warns the homeless man about talking and demonstrates what will happen by using his webbing to suffocate a sewer rat. Venom then finds his way to a long-abandoned fall out shelter built during the 1950s that he learned about during his career as a newspaper reporter at the Daily Globe. Venom has come to set this place up as his base of operations while he hunts down and destroys Spider-Man. In order to prepare for this final confrontation, Eddie Brock begins lifting weights to ensure that he is at his peak strength when the time comes.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is out snapping crime photos for the Daily Bugle. Watching a police officer chasing a crook into a junk yard. When the wall-crawler spots the crook waiting to ambush the police officer, he uses his webbing to send a pile of junk onto the crook, knocking him out. The cop thanks him for the help, but Spider-Man gets him to keep quiet about it. This is because J. Jonah Jameson has been acting strange lately, refusing photos of Spider-Man unless they are teaken by Nick Katzenberg, a sleazy tabloid photographer. He is also concerned about the legal battle his Mary Jane has with Jonathan Caeser so she can get her investment back from their old condo at Bellford Towers. This is added pressure as Peter has returned to school. Spider-Man soon arrives at the Daily Bugle, where as Peter Parker he goes down to sell his photos to Jameson.Later, Peter calls his wife Mary Jane and learns that her recent modeling gig has been cancelled. She tells him that she is going to use her free time to go looking for a new apartment. As he ends the call, Peter can't help but notice that Mary Jane seems down after all the problems in their life caused by Jonathan Caeser. As he leaves the Bugle, Peter's spider-sense is tripped by Glory Grant's new boyfriend, leaving him to wonder why. Meanwhile, the Black Cat arrives at Bedford Towers in the hopes of rekindling her romance with Spider-Man, only to discover that he moved away from here as well. Breaking into the condo to search for clues, the Black Cat is attacked by Venom who demands to know where Spider-Man is. He easily beats the Cat into submission, breaking her nose in the process. When she tells him that she doesn't know where Parker is, Venom believes her. As he leaves, he remarks how Peter's wife didn't know where he was before, and he still managed to track the hero down. At that moment, down at the front door to the building, Mary Jane arrives to pick up some final paperwork regarding their eviction. When she sees Venom leaving her old condo, Mary Jane makes a hasty retreat before she is recognized.When Peter Parker returns home, his Aunt May tells her nephew that Mary Jane is upset by something and that he should talk to her. When Peter goes up to his old room to check on his wife, she tells him how Venom is back. Upset by this, Peter attempts to call the Vault to get some answers about this, but they give him the runaround much to his frustration. Mary Jane worries that Venom will follow them here, but Peter assures her that he will find Venom first. As Spider-Man, Peter scours the city in the hopes of sniffing out Venom and bring him to justice. Giving up for the night, he returns to the spot where he stashed his street clothes and is ambushed by Venom. Their fight takes them into a meat packing plant where he the two battle it out. When Venom dumps a vat of blood and offal on him, Spider-Man is grossed out and put into a panic. He quickly sends some slaughter house machinery crashing down on him and escapes, hoping he can plan on a better way of dealing with his foe. Unfortunately for Spider-Man, he dropped the web packet containing his clothing. Venom rips it open and goes searching through Peter's clothing. There he finds a number of change of address notices that give Venom his enemies current place of residence.After hearing that Venom has escaped from the Vault, Peter Parker is trying to act naturally around his Aunt May, reminding himself that Eddie Brock doesn't know where he is currently living. He and Aunt May are on their way out the door to go shopping. However, when they open the door, Peter is horrified to see Eddie Brock waiting outside for him. As Brock introduces himself to Aunt May, Peter tries to pry Eddie's from around May's shoulders. Brock then asks May if he can talk to Peter as they have a business to discuss. May tells Peter that they can go shopping later and goes back into her home. As Peter and Eddie walk down the street, Peter asks him how he found out he was staying at Aunt May's place. Brock shows that he the change of address notice that Peter unintentionally left behind during their previous battle. Parker still doesn't understand why Brock didn't instigate a battle on the spot. Eddie explains that he doesn't want to harm any innocents and he doesn't desire to publicly reveal Spider-Man's double identity so he can have the revenge on the wall-crawler all to himself. When Peter asks Eddie what he wants, Brock tells him that he wants them to meet at the Seacrest Estate on the tip of Montauk, Long Island. The beach will be deserted this time of the year and he wants to battle Spider-Man to the finish, once and for all. Brock then departs, leaving Peter to consider his situation. Peter recalls how Venom nearly defeated him last time, he changes into Spider-Man and swings off to get some help.On his way into Manhattan, Spider-Man rescues a construction worker who falls off the top of a building that is being constructed. Soon, the wall-crawler arrives at Four Freedoms Plaza where he meets with the Thing. Spider-Man reminds Ben of the symbiote he brought back from Battleworld and how it bonded with Eddie Brock to become Venom and asks for the Fantastic Four's help should he need it. The Thing tells Spider-Man that he can count on the Fantastic Four should he call for help.When Peter Parker returns to Forest Hills, he is horrified to see Eddie Brock helping his Aunt May hang laundry in the back yard. Peter pulls Brock away and tells him to stop harassing his family, as his issue is with him and him alone. Eddie agrees, revealing that he knows that Peter went to the Fantastic Four for help. Brock reminds him that they are to battle each other alone, and warns Peter not to cross him or he will harm those closest to him. Brock then willsh is symbiote to assume the form of a police officer and walks away. Peter decides to go and tell his wife about what is going on. He finds his wife going over Peter's old family photos. When he tells her about the situation with Venom, she is against him going after Brock alone, even at the risk of his secret identity being revealed. However, Peter can't bring himself to do it as it would not only cause untold problems to his life, the revelation may have an adverse affect on Aunt May's health. Mary Jane understands, but hopes that Peter can get some kind of help. Peter fears he won't be able to do so without how Venom finding out.Later that day, Spider-Man pays a visit to Dr. Charles Jefferson at the South Brooklyn Psychiatric Facility. He tells Jefferson that he needs to talkk of a matter of life and death, his own. The next morning, Peter Parker arrives at the beach at Montauk ahead of his meeting with Venom. He is confident that he can use the advice given to him by Doctor Jefferson will help him defeat Venom in battle. He slips into a nearby boat house to change into Spider-Man. As soon as Spider-Man is in costume, Venom attacks. Venom has the advantage, able to have his symbiote dive into the sand and attack Spider-Man from below. Breaking free from Venom, the wall-crawler rushes back to the boat house and ignites some gasoline in the hopes of exploiting the symbiote's weakness to fire. However, Venom dives into the water below to avoid the flame. Since the symbiote negates his spider-sense, Spider-Man tries to tag Venom with a spider-tracer, but the symbiote detects it and destroys the tracking device.Spider-Man tries to flee from the scene, but Venom grabs the hero and attempts to drown him in the ocean. Breaking free, Spider-Man tries his dangerous gambit. Stripping off his costume, Peter Parker offers to allow the symbiote to bond with him. Much to Eddie's surprise, his symbiote begins to flow off of him to rebond with its original host. However, the pain caused by trying to sever its bond from Eddie Brock and attach itself to Spider-Man causes both enough pain to knock everyone out. When Peter comes to, it's as the symbiote is sloughing off his own body. With both the alien costume and Eddie Brock are still unconcious, Peter goes to find a phone to call the Fantastic Four to pick Brock up so he can go home and tell Mary Jane that the danger is over.The Scorpion has been given a new weaponized tail by Justin Hammer. Testing out his new equipment, the Scorpion easily totals a bunch of mannequins. Satisfied with the performance, the Scorpion can't wait to use his new tail against the man responsible for him becoming the Scorpion, J. Jonah Jameson. However, Justin Hammer reminds the Scorpion that he promised to kidnap General Musgrave in exchange for the new equipment that he has been provided. Hammer intends to turn the general over to certain parties in Europe in exchange for favorable business deals with Hammer Industries. Soon, the Scorpion is on his way to carry out his mission. Hammer's assistant Phillip Barnett asks if they can trust the Scorpion to carry out his mission. Hammer admits that he has gone outside of his usual deal with supervillains, but the Scorpion appears to be more unstable than most. Justin decides to wait and see how he performs on this task before he considers taking the Scorpion on for further employment.Meanwhile, Peter and his wife Mary Jane are out apartment hunting, but have no luck. So far they haven't found something decent, which upsets Mary Jane. However, Peter reminds her that she finally managed to land a modeling gig and sends her on her way. Peter has work to do himself and changes into Spider-Man in order to hunt look for photos to sell to the Daily Bugle. Unfortunately, since J. Jonah Jameson seems disinterested in photos of Spider-Man, the pictures he take are not as dramatic as he could hope. When Peter arrives at the Daily Bugle, the photos he has taken are rejected. When he tells this to Joy Mercado, she suggests that he try to get an actual assignment, telling Peter that Lance Bannon was able to get one from Jameson, so he should ask. When Jonah comes back, Peter asks if he can get an assignment, Jameson brushes him off and returns to his office. Joy points out that Jonah has been acting strange lately, giving assignments to tabloid photographer Nick Katzenberg and locking himself up in his office and watching old movies. If they could only see inside Jonah's office, they'd learn that this is not J. Jonah Jameson at all, but the Chameleon in disguise.Later that evening, Mary Jane is just finished getting her make-up done when the producer of the photo shoot informs her that they have decided to go with another model. When Mary Jane's friend Sandy asks Mary Jane what she is going to do after losing yet another modeling gig, Mary Jane does what she usually does, goes dancing in a trendy nightclub. She doesn't get back to Aunt May's house until 3 in the morning. When Peter asks him where she was, she explained what she did. This leads to an argument over money, and how Mary Jane worries about Peter when he goes out as Spider-Man. Peter pulls his wife close in an attempt to comfort her, telling her that they can't let their current troubles tear them apart. At that same moment, Harry Osborn is poking around a Soho loft that he now remembered that his family owned now that some of his repressed memories have returned. Opening a secret panel to reveal the place where he has hidden his Green Goblin costume, he muses over one last task he needs to complete before setting his master plan into motion.The following morning, Peter Parker is on the campus of Empire State University where he sees some of his fellow students preparing for an anti-war protest. Peter learns that they are going to the Brooklyn Armory to protest a ceremony awarding General Musgrave. Hearing this, Peter decides to cut class in the hopes of taking photos that J. Jonah Jameson will buy off him. Soon, Peter Parker is at the armory, but seeing that security is tight, he slips away to change into Spider-Man in order to get some exclusive photos. At the same time, Mac Gargan is in a nearby van putting on his Scorpion costume in order to complete his kidnapping mission. The two superhumans sneak into the facility. Spider-Man perches out of site to take photos of Musgrove as he is being given his medal. As Spider-Man snaps photos, he spots Joy Mercado and Lance Bannon in the front row, making his photos worthless. Suddenly, the Scorpion comes crashing in to kidnap the general. Spider-Man swoops in and knocks his foe down. He attempts to web up the Scorpion's eyes, but his costume is rigged with a special membrane that vaporizes anything that comes in contact with his mask. As Spider-Man struggles with his foe, he laments over how the other photographers are able to take photos of the battle. In order to escape with his victim, the Scorpion blasts a support wall, threatening the lives of the members of the press. As Spider-Man leaps in to brace the falling debris. This allows Lance Bannon to get in close for some great shots. Overhearing how Lance will get paid a fortune for the photos, the Scorpion is furious that someone is getting paid to help his enemy J. Jonah Jameson. This causes the Scorpion to snap and he threatens to kill the General unless they bring him J. Jonah Jameson.Hired by Justin Hammer to kidnap General Chester Musgrave, the Scorpion has instead decided to hold Musgrave hostage in exchange for J. Jonah Jameson. Unable to risk the life of Musgrave, Spider-Man finds himself reduced to picking up a pizza for his foe when he becomes hungry while waiting for Jameson to arrive. Although the Scorpion mocks Spider-Man for being unwilling to let innocent people to get harmed, so Spider-Man made sure that the pizza had anchovies, much to the Scorpion's disgust. When Spider-Man checks to see how things are developing, the Colonel in charge informs him that J. Jonah Jameson is not cooperating with them. When Spider-Man considers asking the Scorpion to give them an extension, the villain informs them that their time is up and begins shooting wildly with his tail blaster in order to cover his escape. When the Scorpion tries to retreat in a helicopter waiting to pick him up, Spider-Man tries to hitch a ride with a web line. However, the Scorpion sees this and cuts Spider-Man loose. Shooting another line onto the Scorpion's tail, Spider-Man swings up and secretly tags his enemy with a spider-tracer. When his web line is cut by the helicopter's rotor blade, Spider-Man to make a dive into the East River. Later, at the mansion of Justin Hammer, the wealthy inventor learns about how the Scorpion reneged on his deal. Deciding to make an example out of the villain, he goes over his list of operatives in order to find someone suitable to go after him. Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, Spider-Man returns to his Aunt May's home where he has been staying. He learns from his Aunt that his wife Mary Jane is still out on a modeling shoot. However, in reality, Mary Jane is once more dancing her worries away after being sent home from another modeling assignment. She is pulled off the dance floor by her friend Sandy Kitzler, who shockingly tells Mary Jane that she won't be getting another modeling gig ever again.Meanwhile, in Soho, Harry Osborn takes his wife Liz to the loft building that he recently uncovered. He explains to his wife that with the damage done to an Osborn Chemicals plant uptown he has decided to move his family here so he doesn't have to commute from New Jersey to oversee repairs. However, Liz is worried because she sees a Green Goblin mask among the boxes of items in the room. When he brings this up, Harry assures her that he is throwing it out with the rest of the trash. Back in Queens later that evening, Mary Jane returns to Aunt May's house to find Peter waiting up for her. Mary Jane explains that the reason why her modeling gigs have been drying up because of the machinations of Jonathan Caeser. Even though he is in prison for trying to kidnap Mary Jane, he has been using his influence to blackball her from the modeling industry.At that moment in an abandoned barn in Connecticut, the Scorpion is hiding out from the authorities while he tries to figure out what to do about General Musgrove. Since he double-crossed Justin Hammer, he considers the idea of selling Musgrove's for his military secrets. He thinks the best thing to do is see if the Kingpin is interested in making a deal, and makes plans to return to Manhattan in the morning. The next morning, Spider-Man has skipped classes once again to try and pinpoint the spider-tracer he planted on the Scorpion the day before. The wall-crawler is in luck, as he eventually picks up the signal coming from a truck on the street below. This is because the Scorpion got lost driving his way back into the city and ended up in Queens. Spider-Man webs up the windshield of the van, forcing the Scorpion to crash the vehicle. Spider-Man then frees General Musgrove and tells him to run for cover. However, before Spider-Man and the Scorpion can duke it out, they are ambushed by the Rhino and Blacklash who have come to recover the General and punish the Scorpion for disobeying orders. While Spider-Man gets Musgrove to safety, the two mercenaries go after the Scorpion. This leads them to the site of the old New York World's Fair. There, Spider-Man takes on Blacklash, while the Scorpion battles the Rhino. While Spider-Man is sufficiently distracted, the Rhino overpowers the Scorpion and forcibly removes his mechanical tail. By the time Spider-Man has recovered, both Blacklash and Rhino have escaped.After checking on General Musgrove, Spider-Man contacts the authorities to take the Scorpion away. He then asks the General if he doesn't mind posing for some photos for a "friend" of his down at the Daily Bugle.At Empire State University, Peter Parker is testing out the strength of a new webbing formula by putting an acetylene torch to it. He is caught in the act by Doctor Evan Sloan. After offering an excuse as to what he is doing, Peter agrees when Dr. Sloan suggests that he does his independent research on his own time. After his shift is over, Peter changes into Spider-Man so he can test his new webbing while also hunting for photos he can take for the Daily Bugle. Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, Mary Jane gets a call from Harry Osborn who is asking for help with moving into his new loft in Soho. After Mary Jane finishes her call, she notices that Aunt May has been acting strangely all morning. At that moment, in lower Manhattan, Spider-Man happens upon a bunch of men laying on the ground outside a warehouse. Going inside, he finds the hired mercenary known as Paladin going through files. Spotting the wall-crawler, Paladin opens fire, but the hero dodges the shots. Before Spider-Man can find out what's going on, a bunch of armed men comes rushing into the warehouse with guns blazing. Spider-Man uses his new webbing to dump a pile of crates on them. Unfortunately, the webbing proves to be too good as the pinch valve in the wall-crawler's web-shooters can't cut through them. As a result, Spider-Man is yanked back when he tries to go after Paladin, allowing the mercenary to escape. Deciding to learn what Paladin was looking for, he looks through the wreckage and comes across a guest list for a reception being thrown at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel hosted by the Life Foundation. Wondering why the catering business that is supplying the event would have heavily hard men, Spider-Man decides to go home and sort things out. When Peter returns home, he finds his wife, Mary Jane, in the middle of a workout. After telling Peter that they are going to help the Osborns move, Peter asks if she wants to go to a party. Mary Jane jokingly points out that she is only unemployed, not dead and wants to go. Peter then asks MJ to use her connections in the modeling industry to get them into the party at the Waldorf.Soon, Peter and Mary Jane are at the Waldorf, where he quickly spots Paladin among the crowd. He also recognizes an elderly man in sunglasses, but can't place where he knows him. This is Carleton Drake of the Life Foundation. Peter then leaves his wife so he can get down to business. Changing into Spider-Man he tails Paladin, who is following a diplomatic limo. This led to an import car dealership in Brooklyn. There, Spider-Man watches as Paladin holds the diplomat at gunpoint. That's when Spider-Man steps in to stop Paladin from hurting the official. Suddenly, the diplomat begins shooting at Spider-Man. Then a group of paramilitary soldiers were swarming the area with guns blazing. They are then attacked by mini-tanks. While the pair is dealing with those tanks, the diplomat and Carleton Drake manage to escape. Paladin is furious by Spider-Man's interference. Suddenly, a helicopter arrives and drops a rope ladder and tells Spider-Man to join him in explaining why he failed his mission. Aboard the helicopter, Spider-Man is surprised to see that Paladin's employer is Silver Sable. Paladin was supposed to stop Carleton Drake from meeting with the diplomat until Spider-Man interfered. Spider-Man remembers his last encounter with Drake and the Life Foundation and their secret compound in New Jersey.Silver Sable explains that she is investigating a foreign government that is conspiring against her homeland of Symkaria. The ramifications of which could threaten peace on a global scale. Spider-Man is apologetic for his interruption but offers to help Silver Sable for free. Sable tells him to contact the Smykarian embassy later. Sable then drops him off in Queens. The next morning, Peter wakes up and picks up the phone to contact Silver Sable. However, Aunt May is already one the phone. He overhears the doctor telling her that a diagnosis is complete. The prognosis is heart disease, and there is a six month life expetancy. Hearing this, Peter is led to believe that his Aunt May has only six months to live.Investigating a conspiracy against the nation of Symkaria, Spider-Man has joined Paladin. They have tracked the conspirators to a train yard owned by the Life Foundation. Spider-Man is distracted because he believes that his Aunt May has only six months to live due to heart disease. While Spider-Man keeps the guards at bay, Paladin starts stealing the files the Life Foundation have at the facility. With their mission done, Paladin heads off and tells Spider-Man to call the Symkarian Embassy tomorrow. The wall-crawler heads back to his Aunt May's home in Queens. Riding atop a subway train, Spider-Man hopes to find out what the Life Foundation's involvement in this operation is. He also worries about his financial problems, Mary Jane's sagging career, and Aunt May's health.Later that day at Life Foundation headquarters Carlton Drake goes over Spider-Man's interference on their recent operation. When his associates suggest they abort the current mission, Drake decides that they need a field test and orders them to prepare the Protectors. While in Queens, Peter talks to his wife Mary Jane about how Aunt May could be dying of heart disease. Mary Jane suggests that they give May her privacy. However, when Peter's Aunt enters the room, Peter reveals what he knows. However, May explains that it's not her who was diagnosed with heart disease, but Nathan Lubenski, her longtime fiancee. With Nathan's days numbered, May wants to make him as comfortable as possible and has decided to shut down her boarding house. Peter understands, but later while getting ready for bed, Peter feels bad leaving Aunt May, but Mary Jane points that they have to find a place. However, she has good news, she has an audition for a role in a soap opera. Something that she is satisfied doing since her modeling career is on a hiatus. She also reminds Peter that they are helping the Osborns move into their new loft.The next day, Peter and Mary Jane help Harry and Liz Osborn move into their new home. A few hours later, Peter hopes the Osborns can help them when they finally find a place of their own. That's when Harry announces that he has a surprise for the Parkers. He tells them that the upper levels of the building are vacant and offers to let Peter and Mary Jane move in. They go upstairs to check out the loft, and they fall in love with it immediately. The pair accept the offer to move in. Later, Peter goes out to a nearby payphone so he can call Silver Sable and follow up on their investigation into the Life Foundation. She tells him to meet her at a helipad on 34th Street so they can head to New Jersey. Soon, Spider-Man, Silver Sable, and Paladin are heading to New Jersey in a glider. Ejecting from the glider near the Life Foundation's headquarters, the glider goes off on a crash course to create a distraction. They then ambush one of the guards and enter the facility through a ventilation shaft. Inside the facility, the trio discovers that the Life Foundation is building a new survivalist bunker, complete with its own shopping mall. They are soon confronted by Carleton Drake and his Protectors, a group of mercenaries that have been mutated into massive muscled creatures. The creatures are more powerful than the three heroes can handle. Paladin manages to take one of the Protectors down by dumping a bunch of construction crates onto the creature. During the fight, a wall is smashed down, revealing a weather control panel. Spider-Man cranks it up full blast, creating an artificial blizzard inside. Meanwhile, Drake and Chakane observe from the safety in the control room. That's when Silver Sable smashes into the room. She shoots Drake in the shoulder and then pulls a needle out of her pocket that she intends to use on Chakane. Meanwhile, Spider-Man lures one of the last Protectors into the control room and makes it hit a fuse box, electrocuting the behemoth. Spider-Man wanders into the blizzard and reunites with Paladin. The pair then knocks out the last of their foes. When they catch up with Silver Sable, she has already extracted the information out of Chakane using sodium pentothal. Spider-Man is upset that she used drugs on their opponent, however, Sable isn't interested in getting any mortality from the wall-crawler.On the flight back to New York, Silver Sable reveals that Chakane was going to hide out an assassin in the United States after they eliminate the king of Symkaria during his silver jubilee. When she asks the two men to accompany her back to her home country to catch the assassin, Paladin tells her that he has another contract. Spider-Man is about to decline because he doesn't agree with her morals. However, when she offers to pay him a generous daily rate, Spider-Man can't turn it down.Spider-Man has accompanied Silver Sable and the Wild Pack to her native Symkaria to prevent an assassination plot. The crash in on a bunch of militants at a Symkarian government office. Thinking this is part of that plot, Silver Sable and her team are disappointed to discover that this is merely an attempt to rob a government payroll. Silver Sable and Spider-Man then take a limo back to the Symkarian royal palace. On the way, Sable is frustrated as this is another in a series of failed raids. This is mostly because Silver Sable International could be involved in more profitable ventures. Spider-Man balks at this opinion, but Sable reminds the wall-crawler that the only reason why he is here is that he interfered in her operation in the United States to determine who the assassin trying to kill the king was, and that he only agreed to come to Symkaria because she offered to pay him. Spider-Man wishes he could tell Sable that he was a wife and apartment and they could use the money, but can't without exposing his identity, leaving them both in a chilly silence.When they arrive at the royal palace, Spider-Man witnesses the festivities being prepared for the silver jubilee and the upcoming wedding of the king of Symkaria. They then witness King Stefan and his fiancee Vivian address the crowds from a balcony. Silver Sable tells Spider-Man that the king and his bride-to-be are much loved by the people of Symkaria and their deaths would be a national tragedy. They are then joined by Prime Minister Lumka who extends his apologies for the unsuccessful raid. Sable is not impressed with Lumka's security and tells the Prime Minister that her Wild Pack will remain with the king. While Sable decides to spend her downtime to get some exercise in, Spider-Man web-slings off to do some sightseeing. Meanwhile, Prime Minister Lumka is back in his office where he thinks about how Spider-Man's involvement complicates things. His thoughts are interrupted by Major Toler Well, an operative of the terrorist organization known as ULTIMATUM. Well learns that the false intel they have been feeding Silver Sable has been working, and they decide to proceed to assassinate the king during the air show tomorrow. ULTIMATUM is targeting Symkaria for their anti-nationalism agenda. The Prime Minister, however, is only interested in eliminating King Stefan before he can produce an heir, so he can take control of the Symkarian government and dissolve the monarchy.At that moment, Spider-Man goes into the city again so he can call back home from a pay phone. The phone is answered by Aunt May who is delighted to her from her nephew. She tells him that Mary Jane isn't home because she went off for her audition for a role in the soap opera "Secret Hospital". Spider-Man has to cut the call short before it gets too expensive and heads back to the castle. While in New York City, Mary Jane is nervous as she goes over the script. The character she is auditioning for is an arrogant woman named "Sybil" and she wonders how she can stand out among all the other women auditioning for the role. When it's her turn, Mary Jane puts on a scene, refusing to read her lines, telling the auditioners that they should appreciate that she even bothered coming to the audition. This takes them aback, and point out that is not how a relative unknown could act such a way during an audition. Mary Jane drops character and agrees, pointing out that this is exactly who Sybil would have handled the situation. Telling them her phone number is on her resume, Mary Jane walks out of the audition with a smile on her face. Amazed by the stunt she pulled, Mary Jane heads to find a party.Later that evening, at the Symkarian palace, Spider-Man is among the guests at a formal dinner being thrown for the king. He feels silly having to wear a tuxedo over his Spider-Man costume. Particularly since he has had to wear his costume at all times in order to preserve his secret identity. He spots Silver Sable walking out onto a nearby balcony and joins her. She tells him that she is checking the security perimeter and reveals her concerns about how the assassination of the king could pitch Symkaria into the dark ages. Spider-Man is surprised to hear Silver Sable speak of anything deeper than her corporate bottom line. Sable reveals that she is willing to die for her country, and asks Spider-Man if he would ever be willing to do the same for his own. Spider-Man isn't sure, and Sable tells him to sleep on it, dismissing him for the evening. The next day, Spider-Man joins the Wild Pack in providing security for the air show being put in celebration of the king. Much to everyone's surprise, the jets on display begin deploying ULTIMATUM paratroopers who begin opening fire on the crowd. While the Wild Pack return fire, Silver Sable and Spider-Man pull the king and Vivian to the safety of the castle.When the terrorists storm the palace, Spider-Man and Sable join the Wild Pack in fending them off. While everyone is distracted, Prime Minister Lemka prepares to kill the king. However, before he can, a feral man leaps out of the shadows and slaughters the Prime Minister. Meanwhile, two ULTIMATUM agents manage to reach King Stefan and Vivian. When they open fire, Vivian pushes her would-be husband out of the way and is fatally shot. Silver Sable comes rushing in and kills the two agents. Spider-Man pushes himself to the limits to take down the rest of the terrorists and then consoles Silver Sable. While the king mourns the loss of his bride-to-be, one of the Wild Pack shows Silver Sable and Spider-Man the remains of the Prime Minister. Silver Sable is furious at this death, as it will weaken her government. That's when the Wild Pack also report that they discovered a secret passage way, however it was empty. However, they found a scrap of a uniform with a capsule stuck to it. Sable wants to be analyzed but suspects that it is a capsule of panadoxin, a synthetic poison used in suicide pills specially used by the CIA.In the sewers beneath Paris, France, agents of the terrorist organization known as ULTIMATUM are attempting to blow up the famed Arc Du Triomphe. However, their operation is interrupted when the anti-terrorist mercenary known as Solo teleports in on them. Solo guns down all of the soldiers but one. He demands that the terrorist to give him the location of his commander Toler Weil. With his life on the line, the terrorist buckles and tells Solo that he can find Weil in Symkaria. With the information he needs, Solo tosses a grenade at the terrorist. Announcing that while he lives, terror dies, Solo teleports away as the grenade explodes. Meanwhile, in Symkaria, the country is reeling after the assassination Vivian, the woman who was to marry King Stefan. With the CIA potentially implicated in the attack on the royal palace by ULTIMATUM, the ambassador of the United States to Symkaria heads to the palace in a limo to answer to the allegations. As they approach the palace, the vehicle is pelted with tomatoes by the angry citizenry. Inside the palace, the Ambassador Hawthorne is introduced to acting Prime Minister Alphonse Gallatik who then takes Henry to see Silver Sable who is investigating the murders.They are surprised to see Spider-Man with Silver Sable, but things quickly turn to the business at hand. She briefs Hawthorne on Silver Sable International's investigation into American groups like the Life Organization, who are somehow involved in a plot to assassinate the king of Symkaria. After the ULTIMATUM attack the day before, Sable found a panadoxin pill that points to the CIA also possibly being involved. She warns the ambassador that should they find proof of CIA involvement there will be stiff reprisals from her country. The ambassador assures her that American is an ally of Symkaria, however, Sable points out past partnerships between the United States and nations it now considers enemies. When Spider-Man suggests they should focus their energies on finding the assassin, the ambassador tells Spider-Man to butt out, due to his vigilante status in the United States.Angered by this, Spider-Man decides to go outside where he addresses the news crews camped outside of the palace. On live television, Spider-Man tells them that his activities in Symkaria are intended to embarrass the United States and that he is being a model citizen. He also uses the opportunity to send a veiled message to his wife Mary Jane to let her know that he is fine. The report is watched by Aunt May, Nathan Lubenski, and Mary Jane. Seeing this report prompts Mary Jane to tell May that Peter called to let them know that he is okay. However, Spider-Man's interview with the media is cut short when the press is made aware that Captain America is being parachuted into the country. Cap is swarmed by the press who ask him if he is here in his capacity as an Avenger or to help the CIA. All the star-spangled Avenger can tell them is that he is here to do the right thing. Also watching this development are the members of ULTIMATUM. Major Weil orders his men to mobilize and prepare for the worst. As they go about their duty, Weil begins planning his own escape strategy.Soon, Captain America is brought in for a strategy meeting, that Spider-Man is forced to wait outside. The wall-crawler considers heading home, as he is tired of being looked at as nothing more than hired help. However, when the others emerge from their private meeting, Captain America vouches for Spider-Man and his involvement. With files from the CIA, Captain America informs them that ULTIMATUM has set up operations on the Symkaria/Latverian border and that they are planning a strike so they can find the real assassin and absolve the United States of any responsibility. Silver Sable also informs Spider-Man that his contract has been fulfilled and that he can go home if he wants. However, Spider-Man's sense of responsibility prevents him from turning his back on the rest of this mission. The Wild Pack, Cap, and Spider-Man are dropped near the ski lodge where ULTIMATUM is set up. As they prepare to attack, Captain America asks Spider-Man what his motivation is, and is proud to hear that Spider-Man is joining the operation for the sake of his own country. Suddenly, they are ambushed by ULTIMATUM soldiers hiding in the snow. While Spider-Man and the others are busy fighting the guards outside, Major Weil realizes that his operation is a failure and makes preparations to blow up his hideout and escape.However, before he can do so, Solo teleports into the room. Before the mercenary can kill Weil, he is surrounded by guards. This gives the Major a chance to make a break for his escape vehicle. Solo manages to catch up, but before he can gun down Weil, Spider-Man and his allies come crashing through the wall. Spotting Solo, Captain America hits him with his shield. This allows Major Weil to make hie escape. Solo is furious at their interference, pointing out that Weil is a top ULTIMATUM official. Having heard about Solo's activities, Captain America expresses his dissatisfaction with the mercenary's methods. Learning about the communications room, Spider-Man doubles back and webs up an ULTIMATUM operation and demand that he give them the access codes. He refuses, but Silver Sable manages to get the information out of him. As the ULTIMATUM agents are being arrested, Solo teleports away leaving Spider-Man, Silver Sable, and Captain America go over the records they pulled from the computer. They are surprised to learn that the assassin that was hired was the mutant killer known as Sabretooth. They all agree that in order to clear the United States of any wrong doing they must find Sabretooth alive and force him to testify. That's when one of the Wild Pack informs Silver Sable that the American ambassador has been recalled due to death threats, and there is some real fear that this may be a precursor to war.Back in New York City after his trip to Symkaria to stop the assassination of the king, Spider-Man has tracked down an ULTIMATUM cell attempting to blow up Ellis Island. He has webbed up the terrorists and demands answers from them. One of the ULTIMATUM soldiers manages to pull his arm free and is about to shoot the wall-crawler when suddenly Solo teleports into the room. Spider-Man dodges the mercenaries shots. He is furious that Solo killed the soldiers, as his spider-sense warned him. He also scolds Solo for pursuing his personal vendetta when America and Symkaria are on the brink of war unless they can prove that the United States wasn't responsible for the assassination attempt on the king. Solo admits that Spider-Man has a point, and he accepts the offer to help him, Silver Sable, and Captain America in tracking down the assassin, the mutant mercenary known as Sabretooth. As Solo walks away, Spider-Man wonders why he didn't just teleport away, frustrated about how little he knows about the mercenary.Meanwhile, Silver Sable and Captain America are flying into Mexico to follow up on a lead that could bring them closer to finding Sabretooth. Sable is determined to kill the mutant, but Captain America reminds her that they need him alive to testify and clear the United States of any involvement in the assassination plot. They are air dropped over a jungle where they drop in on a group of mercinaries. When Cap demands to know wher Sabretooth is, the mercinaries attack. However, the pair easily incapacitates the soldiers and nab their leader. However, the leader refuses to talk, knowing Captain America's morality will prevent him from harming his prisoner. However, Silver Sable has no such compunctions and threatens to shoto him. The leader of the bandits quickly changes his position, telling them that he can take them to Sabretooth.Back in New York, Peter Parker has returned home to his wife to celebrate the fact that she landed the role on Secret Hospital. Peter remarks that it's not much of a celebration as it involves ginger ale and late night television. Mary Jane suggets that they have a real party once they move into their new loft. Peter remarks how things are quickly changing, as after they move out, only the Palmero's and Nathan Lubenski will be living in Aunt May's home. The next morning, Spider-Man heads to the Metropolitan Museum, as part of his investigation into ULTIMATUM. He meets with Solo and tells him that they are checking out the museum as it is currently being renovated that is being funded by the Life Foundation. He tells Solo about he and Paladin had previously discovered a connection between the Life Foundation and ULTIMATUM. Solo doffs his disguise and is looking forward to clashing with ULTIMATUM again. Spider-Man reminds Solo that they need ULTIATUM's commanding officer, Major Weil, alive. As Solo charges off, Spider-Man isn't sure who is worst: his enemies, or his allies.While back in Mexico, Captain America and Silver Sable have managed to track down Sabretooth. The mutant assassin has killed one of his minions as an example for the others for not following his orders during an artifact heist. The mercinary who brought them there alerts Sabretooth and his men by starting a fire, spoiling the element of surprise. While Captain America handles the other mercinaries, Silver Sable chases Sabretooth into a nearby temple. Sabretooth has the advantage thanks to his enhanced speed and agility, and he manages to slash Sable a few times. However, the woman notices that the walls of the temple are crumbling and tricks the feral mutant into crashing into one. As she planned, the wall shatters, burying Sabretooth under tons of debris. Captain America digs through the rubble and is disappointed to discover that Sabretooth is apparently dead. Now the entire situation hinges on Spider-Man finding Toler Weil.Back in New York, Spider-Man and Solo storm the Metropolitan Museum where they are ambushed by ULTIMATUM soldiers hiding in suits of armor. As Spider-Man is busy fighting the soldiers, Solo teleports into the other room to get at Weil. Toler flees, leaving a Life Foundation representative alone with Solo. Spider-Man manages to spot Weil trying to flee to a helicopter on the roof. However, the terrorist is pushes past a man working with an acetylene torch, causing the fuel tank to explode, sending Toler falling off the roof. Spider-Man manages to catch him, but this puts him at the mercy of Solo, who orders him to let Weil go, or he will shoot them both. However, Spider-Man refuses to let Solo kill the only person who can testify that his country was not responsible for the assassination attempt. Solo is impressed by Spider-Man's bravery and decides to spare him, this time, and teleports away. Back at the Symkarian embassy, Captain America learns that while Weil is in custody, he is refusing to talk. Spider-Man suggests that they find some other evidence to prove things. Captain America points out that they need to do so soon as things are growing more volitile. He explains that Symkaria has broken relations with the United States and death squads are mobilizing to kill American officials in that country, and the threat of war looms even heavier on the horizon.In order to continue their mission to stop war from starting between America and Symkaria, Captain America attempts to get Spider-Man security clearance through the Department of Defense. However, despite the recommendations of Captain America and Silver Sable, the request is denied. They explain ULTIMATUM's involvement and how their prisoner, Toler Weil, has confessed that the next assassination attempt will be on the Symkarian ambassador to the United States. Cap insists that they need Spider-Man as part of their special unit to prevent this assassination. However, since Spider-Man refuses to remove his mask and reveal his identity, the request has to be denied. Spider-Man is furious and departs, never feeling so humiliated in his life. He also never realized how much he cared about his country before this moment. Peter Parker returns to his Aunt May's home where his wife Mary Jane has finished packing up their belonging for their move to their new loft apartment. He tells Mary Jane about what happened and his desire to still do something to help. Although money is tight, Mary Jane believes they can afford the cost to send Peter to the capital.The next day at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C., Captain America briefs soldiers on his plan to guard the ambassador. After dismissing the briefing, Cap pulls Silver Sable aside and reminds her to keep her desire for vengeance in check, as they need a living witness to prevent war from happening. They are soon joined by Spider-Man who managed to break into the facility. Captain America is upset that someone was able to break into the Pentagon but accepts his help nonetheless. Spider-Man suggests that Weil spoke too easily and suspects that threat on the ambassador's life is a ruse to keep the authorities occupied while the real assassination can take place. However, Captain America and Silver Sable are committed to the current mission. When they have to get going, Captain America implies that Spider-Man should see the prisoners that are being held in the basement. The wall-crawler picks up on this, and using an ULTIMATUM costume, he pretends to be one of the terrorists who has come to help Toler Weil escape captivity. He tells Weil to escape while he "frees" the others. As Toler flees, Spider-Man tags him with a spider-tracer. Changing back into his Spider-Man costume, the wall-crawler follows after Weil.Spider-Man is led to the National Archives, leaving Spider-Man to deduce that the real plot is to steal the US Constitution, Declaration of Independence, and the Bill of Rights and pin it on Symkaria, ensuring a war between the two countries. Inside, Spider-Man is attacked by a pair of Watchdogs, but he easily incapacitates them. Knowing that the real documents are held in archives in the basement, the wall-crawler travels down into the archives through the ventilation system. There he finds members of ULTIMATUM, the Resistants, and the Sweatshop trying to blow a vault to the historical documents. Spider-Man leaps down and stops them just as their employer, the Red Skull, enters the room. The Skull is disappointed to see that Spider-Man has found him as opposed to his foe, Captain America. Still, he offers the wall-crawler a chance to join him, revealing that he is not stealing the documents, but planning on destroying them. He offers Spider-Man a briefcase full of money, briefly tempting the wall-crawler. However, he refuses out of dedication to his country. The Red Skull is disappointed and orders his minions to kill him and leaves. While Spider-Man deals with the hired mercenaries, he spots an ULTIMATUM soldier attempts to throw the switch on the bomb. Spider-Man manages to jam the detonation lever by firing a spider-tracer into the device.Ripping open the secret door the Red Skull escaped from, he finds no trace of the villain. Still, Spider-Man had set up his camera and an audio recorder in the ventilation shaft, collecting the evidence he needs to prove that the Red Skull was behind the whole plot. Later at the Pentagon, Spider-Man turns over the evidence and is congratulated for his work. Silver Sable has also contacted the Prime Minister of Symkaria and the government there has absolved the United States of all involvement in the assassination plot. Captain America pulls Spider-Man aside and tells the wall-crawler that he wishes he could have been more of a help, but he had to do what he had to do. Spider-Man admits that he had to do the same thing, and that's all they can all ever do. With that Spider-Man webslings for home.Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane have moved into their new apartment and are throwing a housewarming party. As Peter opens up the gifts, Flash tries to follow the lead of his new activist girlfriend, Sambouka. While Mary Jane dances with Peter's old university friend Philip Chang, a number of the female party guests fawn over Harry Osborn's son Normie. Suddenly, some delivery men arrive to deliver flowers, and a number of high priced food, and an swan ice sculpture. Thinking that this was a gift from a modeling agency, Mary Jane is horrified when she reads the card that came with the gift. She runs to the room she shares with Peter in a hurry and her husband follows after her. Peter learns that the present came from Jonathan Caeser, Mary Jane's obsessed stalker. Peter asks to handle Caeser, but Mary Jane wants to deal with him her own way and tells him to give her a moment to compose herself before returning to the party.The party winds down for the evening and the guests begin leaving. Peter leaves so he can check for assignments at the Daily Bugle, check in with his Aunt May, and talk to Dr. Evan Swan about his assignments on Monday morning. As he heads out, Flash and his date ask to tag along. Peter agrees although he's not impressed with the woman that Flash brought with him. On the way, Peter admits that he can't believe that Flash is going to take a crack at boxing. Sambuka thinks that the sport is barbaric and wonders why he would engage in such a career. This strikes a raw nerve with Flash, who snaps at her, saying that he's tired of being a total loser and wants to make something of himself again. Peter is surprised to hear this, thinking that Thompson's self-image has taken a beating following his recent troubles. When Peter arrives at the Daily Bugle looking for assignments, he finds that the staff is still reeling from Thomas Fireheart's recent hostile take over of the Daily Bugle. Peter heads up to the roof to change into Spider-Man and head back to Queens. As he prepares to take off his civilian clothes in the stairwell, he notices some newly installed security cameras. He goes up to the roof to complete changing and web-slings his way to Aunt May's house.Meanwhile, the villain known as Graviton arrives in New York City. He has been assigned the task of attacking Spider-Man. His approach is intercepted by a police helicopter, but it is easily crushed by Graviton's powers. Soon he arrives at in the city, where he turns his attention to the Daily Bugle building. At that moment, Peter Parker arrives at his Aunt May's house in Forest Hills just in time to bid farewell to one of her last tenants, Anton Chekov, who is moving into a resident hotel. Inside, he comforts his Aunt May who is shutting down her rooming home so that she and Nathan Lubensky can privately enjoy his final days. While back at Peter and Mary Jane's new loft, Mary Jane and Liz Osborn are finishing up the cleaning following the housewarming party. That's when Harry comes back upstairs with Normie to tell Mary Jane that he got a phone call for her, that wasn't Peter. Mary Jane is horrified as she believes the caller was Jonathan Caeser. Back in Manhattan, Graviton enters the Daily Bugle building. Inside he is confronted by a security guard, but he easily incapacitates the guard with his powers. He then decides to lift the Daily Bugle building into the air in order to attract Spider-Man's attention. At that moment, Peter arrives at Empire State University to see what the itinerary is for the start of the school week. There, he walks in on an experiment that is being conducted by Dr. Max Lubisch. Dr. Evan Swan introduces Peter to Lubisch, explaining that Max has come to run experiments on a previously unknown form of energy and that Peter will be assisting him starting Monday. Peter is excited but has to abruptly leave when he looks out the window and sees the Daily Bugle floating in the air. Changing into Spider-Man, the wall-crawler swings up to the Daily Bugle, where he spies Graviton in the offices. As Nick Katzenberg snaps photos of the villain, Spider-Man comes crashing in through the window to stop the villain. At first, Spider-Man can't get near Graviton due to his powers, until the villain is temporarily blinded by the flash from Katzenberg's camera. However, before Spider-Man can knock out his foe, Joy Mercado stop him, pointing out that if he knocks Graviton out, it could cause the Daily Bugle to come crashing down.Graviton recovers from Spider-Man's attacks and pulls together a ball of metal and uses it to knock the wall-crawler outside. Graviton then uses his powers to increase Nick Katzenberg's gravity, pinning him to the floor. Spider-Man comes back inside and pulls Katzenberg off the floor before he can be crushed by a number of desks pulled toward him. Spider-Man is caught in-between the desks. Confident that he has defeated his foe, Graviton brings the ceiling down on him, resets the Daily Bugle and leaves. However, Spider-Man survived and is pulled from the rubble from emergency workers who arrive on the scene. When Nick Katzenberg takes photos of Spider-Man's humiliating rescue, Joy Mercado rips the camera out of his hands, angry that the shady photographer would so callously attempt to humiliate the man who saved their lives. After fruitlessly searching for Graviton, Peter Parker returns to his new apartment in Soho. He thinks that he is a complete loser until he arrives and discovers that Mary Jane has prepared a romantic evening for them. Telling his wife that he loves her, Peter reconsiders his opinion, thinking that he's not a total loser after all.Spider-Man's involvement in the Acts of Vengeance conspiracy continues in Spectacular Spider-Man #158...This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #59...Spider-Man is testing out his newfound powers, discovering that he can shape his webbing into any form with his mind, creating a massive scale model of an atomic structure. His wife Mary Jane is surprised at Peter's new powers, but wonders where they came from. This isn't the least of Peter's worries as he has been attacked by villains that he has never fought before or haven't seen in quite some time. Still learning how to control his new abilities, Peter fears that he might seriously hurt or kill someone. Mary Jane scolds Peter for thinking that way, telling him that he was given these new powers for a reason and he will soon figure out why. She then goes about cleaning up Peter's webbing, while Spider-Man tries to comprehend a time he wasn't married to Mary Jane. Elsewhere in Manhattan, the Wizard reads the front page story about Spider-Man's battle with Titania. He tells Magneto, the Kingpin, and Doctor Doom about Spider-Man's victory was due some newly discovered powers. The Kingpin, having had the most experience with the wall-crawler, confirms that the masked hero has never had such power in the past. For their "Acts of Vengeance" to work, they need to find an adversary that Spider-Man has never faced before, but also has the power to match Spider-Man's new abilities. Magneto offers to do so, much to the surprise to his fellow prime movers as they had all agreed not to get directly involved in this conflict. However, Magneto points out that an unusual move is required for such an unusual set of circumstances. He also tells them that he has a personal interest to investigate. As Magneto leaves, Doctor Doom thinks about his own interests and vows to destroy Magneto should their interests interfere with one another.Meanwhile, Peter and Mary Jane have come to a gym to watch Flash Thompson's practice for one of his upcoming boxing matches. After practice is over, Flash introduces them to his newest girlfriend, a ditzy blonde named Blaze. When Peter asks Flash if he is worried about getting hurt, Thompson says he knows the risks and accepts them. When he goes off to hit the showers, Blaze attempts to hit on Peter, which isn't received well by Mary Jane. As Blaze rushes off to rejoin Flash, the Parkers worry about how Flash hasn't found a suitable girlfriend yet. However, their concerns go by the wayside as Peter has to report to class, giving Mary Jane hope that Peter will be too distracted in his work to worry about his new powers. At that moment, Magneto arrives in Central Park. He thinks about how the upcoming war between humans and mutants is fast approaching. He believes Spider-Man could be the key to mutant victory, believing his new powers might be the result of mutant abilities manifesting themselves at a later date. When a jogger mocks Magneto's costume, he uses his powers to press the man's headphones painfully to his ear. Worrying that any action might draw the Fantastic Four or the Avengers, Magneto decides to sit on a park bench and bide his time.At that moment, at Empire State University, Peter Parker is going over Max Lubisch's lab to try and figure out how Max's experiment with an unknown energy source gave him his new powers. However, when Lubisch enters the lab, he is suspicious of Peter's intentions and kicks him out, leaving Parker with no answers. Changing into Spider-Man, the hero decides to go to an auto wrecking yard in Brooklyn to further test out his new powers. As he unleashes his powers on the wrecked cars, one of the employees calls it in his activities to one of the local news stations. At that same moment, Mary Jane is on set at the studio that films the soap opera "Secret Hospital". The scene she is in requires her to seduce and kiss another actor. After the director calls cut, MJ thinks about this is the first man she has kissed since she married Peter, but knows her husband won't feel threatened because he's strong. At that very moment, Spider-Man is testing out his augmented strength by lifting a garbage barge out of the water. His activities draw the attention of Magneto who arrives to battle the wall-crawler. Magneto uses his powers to hurl scrap metal at the hero. However, his new cosmic powers and enhanced spider-sense allows him to dodge the metal and blast the debris.Magneto then takes control of a magnetic loading crane, boosting its power to the point magnetizes Spider-Man thanks to the metals in his bodily fluid. He is then tossed on a huge pile of broken glass, but the wall-crawler is unharmed. Magneto then tries to crush Spider-Man with some junked cars, but the hero is able to deflect these attacks by creating a massive web bat to knock them into the water. Spider-Man then leaps up into the air and attempts to blast Magneto, but the mutant terrorist deflects the blast with a magnetic shield. As the battle rages, Spider-Man's enhanced hearing alerts him to the fact that one of the cars he batted away has landed on a boat, endangering the passengers. Wondering how he can save them, the wall-crawler is amazed when he suddenly is capable of flight. As he flies away, Spider-Man wonders if there will be an end to these newfound powers. Witnessing the wall-crawler take flight, Magneto is convinced that Spider-Man is not a mutant as he is demonstrating multiple new powers when mutants typically only demonstrate one specific ability. Although this isn't the mutant he is looking for, Magneto departs and begins planning how he can manipulate Spider-Man's new powers for his own ends. After Spider-Man brings the boat safely ashore, he notices that Magneto has departed and decides to leave himself. However, he is disturbed by his newly acquired ability of flight and heads off by web-slinging. Later, back at his Soho apartment, Peter tells Mary Jane about everything that happened. He is still worried about being able to control this seemingly limitless array of powers. Mary Jane points out that even with this great power, Peter was still able to save lives. Peter is still concerned, even though he saved lives this time, he fears that he might not be able to do so in the future.Spider-Man's involvement in the Acts of Vengeance continues in Spectacular Spider-Man #159...Out in the Nevada Desert, the Hulk is smashing rubble to make himself more comfortable. He is also trying to keep his mind off the fact that Bruce Banner is regaining control of his life again, leaving the Hulk only with the evenings. To this point, the Hulk has come to the desert to be alone. As the Hulk begins to relax, a helicopter carrying Sebastian Shaw arrives in the area. Despite warnings from the Grey Gargoyle to stay away from the Hulk, he has come seeking out the gamma-spawned monster. Shaw has come at the behest of the prime movers of the Acts of Vengeance conspiracy have asked him to recruit the Hulk into attacking the cosmic-powered Spider-Man. Since Magneto, a fellow member of the Hellfire Club is a member of these prime movers Shaw suspects that his rival assigned him on this mission in the hopes it leads to Sebastian's destruction. Shaw lands his ship and approaches the Hulk, who is none too happy about the intrusion. However, he changes his tone and is willing to listen when Sebastian offers to pay the Hulk a large sum of money. Hours later, Spider-Man has arrived at the Statue of Liberty where terrorists have threatend to destroy the landmark if their conditions are not met, and have taken a number of tourists hostage. Since a storm has prevented authorities from getting helicopters into the air, Spider-Man questions if he should do something to put an end to this situation. However, he has come to doubt his ability to control his new cosmic powers after he nearly killed Goliath in a recent battle. However, he decides to do it since he is already there. After nabbing one of the terrorists, Spider-Man goes leaping in and quickly subdues the villains with his mentally controlled webbing and his ability to fly. Soon, there is only one terrorist left standing, however it is the one with the remote detonator that can set off the bombs. However, before he can set off the bomb, Spider-Man encases it in webbing which he makes indestructible so that it contains the bomb blast. With the situation defused, Spider-Man leaves the situation to the authorities and flies back toward the city as he has to meet his wife Mary Jane and his friend Flash Thompson and his new girlfriend for a dinner date.Later, at a restaraunt within the World Trade Center, Peter and Mary Jane meet up with Flash and his date, an abrasive woman named Amber. The woman is rude and complains throughout the entire meal. Later, when Flash suggests they take in a move together, Mary Jane declines telling Thompson that Mary Jane has a pre-dawn call for a location shoot and Peter is going to be tagging along. At 5 am the following morning, Peter and Mary Jane arrive on the set of of "Secret Hospital". Peter assures his wife that he will be able to keep himself entertained while she is getting ready. Soon, Peter's spider-sense begins going off and he spots Sebastian Shaw's helicopter arrive nearby and drop the Hulk down in Manhattan. The Hulk begins rampaging in the streets in an effort to draw out Spider-Man. When he tosses a truck containing two passengers, the wall-crawler arrives and saves their lives. The Hulk tells Spider-Man that he has been paid to fight him, leaving Spider-Man to why people have been attacking him for no reason.The wall-crawler plows into the Hulk, slamming him into a building. Staggered, the gamma-spawned brute realizes that Spider-Man is stronger than before. However, he notices that his skintone is beginning to change, alerting him to the fact that it is dawn and he is changing back into Bruce Banner. Before the transformation can finish, the Hulk smashes a passing ambulance and leaps away, telling the web-slinger to meet him the following night on Roosevelt Island. Learning that the ambulance was carrying a stabbing victim who requires surgery, Spider-Man flies the patient to the nearest hospital. At daybreak, Bruce Banner wakes up in an alley, and wonders what his alter-ego has gotten him into this time. As the day passes, Peter Parker finds that he can't focus on a lecture at Empire State University. While in the city, Bruce Banner has to call in sick at his job at a nuclear research facility in Yucca Flats. While at Shaw Industries, Sebastian Shaw reads about the Hulk's battle with Spider-Man the night before and decides to give the brute one last chance to destroy the wall-crawler. That evening, Spider-Man arrives in the ruins on Roosevelt Island for his meeting with the Hulk. He is unaware that there are two children who have come here to secretly smoke cigarettes that they stole from their parents.Soon the Hulk arrives and tries to smash Spider-Man, but the hero is too agile to allow a blow to land. Needing to end the battle quickly, Spider-Man is surprised when he is able to fire beams of light from his eyes that temporarily blind his foe. That's when the two kids come out in a foolish attempt to help the wall-crawler. Not wanting the children to get hurt, Spider-Man strikes the Hulk so hard he is sent soaring into the sky. The Hulk finds himself in planetary orbit. With no air, he wonders how long he will last before he reverts back to Bruce Banner and dies in the vacuum of space. However, when it doesn't appear that the Hulk is coming back down, Spider-Man rushes into the sky and pulls the Hulk back down to Earth. Putting on a brave face, the Hulk tells Spider-Man that he could have saved himself somehow,  but decides to spare the wall-crawler for now and leaves. Hearing that the Hulk intended to kill him, Spider-Man begins to wonder if he can even die now that he has all this power. The next day, Peter tells his wife Mary Jane about what happened and how he hates them and wishes they will go away. Elsewhere, Sebastian Shaw has his men transport Bruce Banner back to Nevada. Concerned about Spider-Man's new powers, Shaw decides to plot a means of destroying Spider-Man once and for all.At the headquarters of Shaw Industries, Sebastian Shaw has recovered three different models of the mutant-hunting Sentinel robots. He intends to use the robots in an attempt to destroy Spider-Man, who had recently gained cosmic powers. His scientists have been researching the origins of Spider-Man's new powers and determined that they came about shortly after Doctor Max Lubisch was experimenting with unknown energy fields at Empire State University. Interested in learning this, Shaw decides to pay Doctor Lubisch a visit.Three days later, Peter Parker is helping his wife Mary Jane learn her lines for an episode of "Secret Hospital". However, Peter can't focus on the lines because his thoughts are consumed with the mystery of where his new powers came from. Deciding to clear his head, Peter puts on his Spider-Man costume and goes web-slinging. Watching her husband go, Mary Jane thinks they have come a long way in their relationship as she no longer fears what may happen when he goes out as Spider-Man. Three hours earlier, Sebastian Shaw has been forcing Max Lubisch to build a device that will negate Spider-Man's new powers. Lubisch is furious at being commanded around, but Shaw reminds him that he has influence upon ESU's board of directors and could have his funding cut. Meanwhile, Spider-Man has just stopped a mugging, wondering why he wastes his time on such trivialities but stops himself from letting his new powers make him arrogant. At the same time, the villain known as Graviton has just learned that Spider-Man survived their last encounter. Even though his employers have since disbanded, Graviton has decided to track down the wall-crawler and end his life. While above the planet Earth, Loki is furious that his Acts of Vengeance scheme had failed and has decided that he will send the planet Earth one last parting gift. Casting a spell, Loki's magic merges the three Sentinels in Sebastian Shaw's lab into a gestalt being calling itself the Tri-Sentinel. Upon activation, the powerful Sentinel takes off on his mission.Soon after, Spider-Man's spider-sense goes off on warning him of danger. Using his enhanced senses he begins to zero in on the Tri-Sentinel. However, before he can go after the robot his spider-sense gives off an even more powerful warning. This distracts him long enough for Graviton to carry out his secret attack. Having no time to deal with the costumed villain, Spider-Man swats him away with a single blast of cosmic energy. Although this defeats Graviton, it also alerts Sebastian Shaw of Spider-Man's current activity and orders Lubisch to prepare their portal energy projector. The scientist blasts Spider-Man with the weapon, however instead of stripping the wall-crawler of his powers, it fully unlocks them. Suddenly, Spider-Man turns into Captain Universe. Connected with the Uni-Power, Spider-Man is flooded with the sentient power-sources' memories. He learns that the Uni-Power chose him to stop the Tri-Sentinel from destroying a nuclear power plant, killing thousands of people in the process. Witnessing Spider-Man speed after the Tri-Sentinel, Shaw orders his men to continue following the wall-crawler. Spider-Man catches up with the Tri-Sentinel, stopping it from destroying the Amity Point Nuclear Power Plant. When Spider-Man tries to blast the robot, it creates an energy shield to block the blast. Likewise, when he tries to web up the robot, the Tri-Sentinel breaks free.When the robot smashes one of the reactor's cooling towers, Spider-Man tries to repair the damage but is snared in the Tri-Sentinel's coils. It's at this point that Sebastian Shaw arrives on the scene and is horrified to see what happened to the three Sentinels that happened at his lab. Still, the robot is able to deflect all of Spider-Man's attacks. Realizing the danger, Shaw decides to do something to stop the Tri-Sentinel. He activates a fail-safe in the robots to try and make them self-destruct. This causes the Tri-Sentinel to become inert, giving Spider-Man the time he needs to channel all the power of Captain Universe. Suddenly, the Tri-Sentinel overrides the self-destruct request and prepares to smash the nuclear reactor. Thankfully it never gets the chance as Spider-Man unleashes a powerful blast that shatters the Tri-Sentinel into pieces. In the aftermath of the battle, Sebastian Shaw decides to flee the scene. Meanwhile, Spider-Man recovers from the blast and discovers that the Uni-Power has left him and he is back to normal. Exhausted from his ordeal, Spider-Man decides to rest before making the trek back home. There, Peter laments that he could have done more with the power he had, and feels like he wasted the opportunity to do more. Mary Jane assures Peter that he did whatever he could do and he shouldn't beat himself up over it. They abruptly end their conversation when they hear someone coming up the freight elevator to their apartment. It is Flash Thompson and he has come to introduce Peter and Mary Jane to his new girlfriend: Felicia Hardy.On an isolated New Jersey road, the Punisher waits for an ambulance full of drugs to arrive. When he approaches, the vigilante fires a bazooka at the vehicle. However, the driver swerves out of the way and crashes into a tree. Checking the back of the ambulance, the Punisher confirms that the ambulance is full of cocaine. Frank Castle guns down one of the drivers. The other begs for his life, promising to give the Punisher information that will lead him to the cartel that is responsible for the drug shipments. However, before the guy can talk, he is shot in the head. It is the other driver, who survived getting shot, but the Punisher ultimately puts him down. With no other leads, Castle torches the ambulance, destroying all the drugs inside hoping that his assistant Microchip can help him with the intel he has provided. Meanwhile, in Manhattan, Spider-Man sets up his camera to photograph an armed siege on a penthouse apartment. The penthouse is owned by one of the Kingpin's drug dealers and the armed men have come to seize his cache of drugs. The dealer insists that he has no product on him. Before these armed men can open fire, Spider-Man comes crashing in and quickly webs everyone before phoning the police. Recovering his camera, Spider-Man swings around the city thinking about how tense things have gotten in the city because of an influx of drugs onto the streets. With the increase in drug-related crime, Spider-Man wishes he still had the power of Captain Universe to solve the problem. Hoping to stymie the flow of drugs in the city, Spider-Man's only lead is a delivery that is scheduled to arrive in Brooklyn the next day. Returning home, Peter Parker discovers that his wife Mary Jane isn't home from her "Secret Hospital" shoot. Seeing the dishes from the night before, causes Peter to recall the shock of discovering that his ex-girlfriend Felicia Hardy is dating Flash Thompson. At the time, Peter freaked out but had to back down lest he reveals his secret identity. Mary Jane covered by telling Flash that they had met Felicia before. Peter then had to bite his tongue as they all had dinner together, and wonder what Felicia's motivations are. As Peter gets down to washing the dishes, he figures he and Mary Jane talk about it before the situation gets worse.Meanwhile, at the Vault Prison in Colorado, security reports that Eddie Brock has hung himself in his cell. Guards go down to the cell to check on him and discover that Brock is dead. This leaves one question: what happened to his alien symbiote. While at a warehouse in New Jersey, the Punisher tests out new munitions provided to him by Microchip. Frank's assistant has been working to find out where this current supply of cocaine is coming from. Although it originates from Columbia, Micro is unable to determine who is responsible for the shipments. However, he has learned of the drop happening in Brooklyn docks that evening. The Punisher tells Microchip that they can fill in the blanks when he investigates the Brooklyn shipment. That night, Spider-Man is staking out the docks when he spots a number of armed men arriving on the scene. Turning on his spider-signal, Spider-Man swings down to confront them. The thugs are about to retaliate but are stopped dead in their tracks. The wall-crawler's spider-sense begins going off warning him that there is something behind him. Turning around, he sees that the Punisher has arrived on the scene. The Punisher explains that he has come to determine if there are drugs aboard the ship, warning the web-slinger not to get in his way. Spider-Man tells the Punisher that he is there for the same reason and asks the vigilante if he would consider going in without guns. Unfortunately, the Punisher won't do such a thing and runs up to the ship with guns blazing. They are opposed by armed guards aboard the ship. With lead flying all over the place, Spider-Man smashes through the floor so he and the Punisher can get into the cargo hold. There are more guards, which keep Spider-Man busy. Meanwhile, the Punisher discovers the cocaine hidden in barrels of coffee. He has cornered one of the armed men and demands that he gives up who their supply is. When the young man refuses and tries to shoot the Punisher, the vigilante mows them down. This upsets Spider-Man, who checks the body and can only find a card with a magnetic strip. The Punisher tells Spider-Man that he planted a bomb and they abandon ship before it goes off and sinks the ship full of drugs. Back at the Punisher's van, the vigilante has Microchip scan the card and track it to its source. He reveals to them that the man who was carrying the card was a member of the US Army. Although they now know that someone within the military is amassing the largest cache of drugs in the United States, the only question they have now is, why?The Black Cat has broken into Peter and Mary Jane's Soho apartment. She confronts Mary Jane, telling her that she has come to prove her love for Spider-Man. She has convinced herself that his recent marriage to Mary Jane was a rebound after they broke up. Now that she is devoted to winning Peter's love again, she explains that she has started dating Flash Thompson in order to break his heart. This, somehow, will convince Spider-Man that they need to be together. As Mary Jane tries to calm herself down after this encounter, she is startled by the return of her husband. When Peter asks her what is the matter, she tells her husband that they need to talk.While in New Jersey, the Punisher and Microchip test out his new stingball grenades that can stun an opponent not wearing eye protection. Microchip figures that Frank will need this considering their investigation into an influx of drugs in New York is somehow the work of people within the United States Army. With Spider-Man assisting them on this investigation, the Punisher still things they need to hurry before this surplus of cocaine ends up on the streets. At that moment at the Vault Prison in Colorado, coroners begin an examination of Eddie Brock, who appeared to have committed suicide by hanging himself in his cell. However, when they try to make an incision, the symbiote springs to life. Turning into Venom, Brock begins killing the coroners, explaining that he had his symbiote disguise itself as his skin to give the illusion that he was dead. Although he regrets killing the two men, Venom's twisted mind justifies it as a necessary sacrifice to rid the world of Spider-Man. Swiping an ID card, Venom has his symbiote take on the form of the coroner's outfit so he can sneak himself out of the facility. That evening in the Bronx, Spider-Man meets up with the Punisher in his van, where the Punisher tells the wall-crawler that they have tracked the drug shipments to a military installation upstate. When Spider-Man asks the Punisher not to use lethal force this time around. Frank Castle assures the wall-crawler that he won't kill American soldiers, as he was a soldier himself. Elsewhere, Mary Jane and her co-workers are on a lunch break. Their conversation is interrupted by an elderly woman who recognizes Mary Jane for her character on "Secret Hospital". When Mary Jane confirms that is who she is, the woman calls her a tramp and slaps Mary Jane across the face. As the elderly woman walks away, her co-workers ask if she wants to call the police, but Mary Jane tells them it's okay, that the slap in the face was a compliment to her acting ability. As the old woman tries to cross the street, a car speeds by and runs her down. Eyewitnesses on the scene believe that the driver intentionally ran the old woman over.Meanwhile, upstate, Spider-Man, and the Punisher arrive at the military facility where the drugs are being stored. The wall-crawler is shocked to discover that it is a military academy full of kids. Spider-Man warns Frank not to harm any of the children. This makes Castle think about how his own children were gunned down along with his wife and assures the wall-crawler that he doesn't harm children. The pair sneaks into the facility and make their way to the Commandant's office. Suddenly, the web-slinger's spider-sense begins going off. They are soon confronted by one of the children on sentry duty. Spider-Man webs the boy up, and the pair smashes into the office. There they confront the Commandant, Colonel Buchinsky. They demand to know where the drugs are, intending to blow up the entire facility in order to ensure that they don't end up on the street. That's when Buchinsky reveals that the drug trade has replaced gold standard for the American economy, hence why the United States army is dealing in narcotics. This revelation comes as a shock to both vigilantes. Although they lack the credibility to expose the conspiracy, the pair insists on destroying the supply of drugs being stored at the academy. When Buchinsky refuses to divulge their location, the Punisher threatens him with a knife.They are directed to the basement where they find a massive shipment of drugs. Suddenly, they are ambushed by an army of mechanoids programmed to protect the drug supply. The pair destroys the majority of the robots. With the numbers thinned out, Spider-Man deals with the rest while the Punisher plants bombs to blow up the drugs. On their way out, Spider-Man pulls the fire alarm to ensure that everyone inside evacuates the building before the bombs go off. Outside, the academy children are ushered outside and moments later the facility explodes. Back in Manhattan, Mary Jane returns home and is greeted by Detective Hal Goldman. Goldman has come to warn Mary Jane that her stalker, Jonathan Caeser had just been released from prison following his most recent parole hearing.Having recently escaped from the Vault Prison, Venom has returned to New York City to continue his mission to destroy Spider-Man once and for all. Since Spider-Man had enhanced strength to begin with, Venom needs to exercise in order to match the wall-crawler's natural strength. As such, Venom has broken into an abandoned fallout shelter below New York City and has been taking advantage of the exercise equipment there. While above the surface, Spider-Man is participating in a charity performance where he is using his strength to lift two celebrity guests on motorcycles. Soon the demonstration is interruption by the arrival of Styx. Dodging Styx's deadly touch, Spider-Man webs his bare hand. The villain escapes thanks to the arrival of Stone, who flies by on his skiff. Spider-Man chases after them, snagging the craft with a web-line, causing it to crash, spilling both villains off the vehicle. Since Styx is the more deadly threat, Spider-Man battles him on the terrace of a condo building, using the potted plants to knock Styx off the side of the building. Seeing his partner falling to his death, Stone rescues Styx and the pair retreat. Spider-Man recalls how Styx and Stone were hired by Jonathan Caesar, the man who briefly kidnapped Mary Jane and figures this attack was in retaliation to Caesar's recent imprisonment.When Spider-Man returns home, he discovers his wife isn't there but finds a note asking him to meet her for dinner. Peter meets with his wife Mary Jane at the studio where they film "Secret Hospital" where they have a "romantic" dinner on a commercial set with a Paris backdrop. Mary Jane expresses her concerns about Felicia Hardy dating Flash Thompson in order to break his heart out of revenge to Peter for marrying Mary Jane. Meanwhile, at Aunt May's home, she and her fiancee Nathan Lubenski are watching television. When she tries to strike up a conversation, she notices that Nathan has nodded off due to his ill health. She catches a news report about Venom's escape from prison and recognizes Eddie Brock as "Peter's friend", and wonders if her nephew knows that Brock is a criminal. Suddenly, there is a knock at the door and when Aunt May answers it she is greeted by Eddie Brock.Meanwhile, at Bedford Towers, Jonathan Caesar is watching "Secret Hospital" when his butler tells him that he has a visitor. At first, Caesar is enraged for being interrupted during his show, but he changes his tone when he realizes it is Mary Jane who has come to visit him. She has come to remind him that she escaped him on her own and that Spider-Man was an innocent bystander and to leave him out of their feud. He insists that Spider-Man needs to be punished anyway, and that's when Mary Jane notices that Jonathan is reading a script for next week's "Secret Hospital". She is shocked that he was able to get something so closely guarded and tells him to leave her alone and storms out. Styx and Stone come into the room and Styx suggests killing her, but Caesar wants no such thing, telling them that they are to kill only Spider-Man. That's when Stone tells them that their attempt to eliminate Spider-Man at the charity event was a failure. Caesar tells them to monitor radio reports and go after Spider-Man when he appears again. While back at their Soho apartment, Peter Parker is marking papers musing over how his wife is a well known actress. Suddenly, "Secret Hospital" is interrupted for a news bulletin about Venom's escape from prison. At that same moment, Aunt May calls Peter. She tells him about Brock's visit and how he wants Peter to meet him at Sheep Meadow in Central Park. Peter quickly ends the call and decides to go without calling the police fearing that Venom might take it out on his Aunt May.Soon, Spider-Man arrives at Central Park but can't find any sight of Venom. Suddenly, he hears the hoofs of a police horse riding toward him and sees Brock riding on the horse disguised as a police officer. Leaping away, Spider-Man barely manages to avoid being struck while Brock turns into Venom. Fearing for the safety of the people in the park, Spider-Man tries to lure Venom to a more secluded spot. Unable to detect Venom with his spider-sense, Spider-Man is ambushed by his foe, who tries to suffocate the wall-crawler by making his symbiote wrap itself around his face. Struggling to get free, Spider-Man fires web-lines blindly and manages to snare some trees and pulls them into Venom, freeing himself. Trying to lure Venom out of the park, Spider-Man dodges a taxi cab that the maniac throws at him. However, it hits the wagon of a handsome cab. While the wall-crawler is concerned for the passenger's safety, Venom manages to wrap the web-slinger in webbing. However, a baby falls on the side of the handsome cab and falls into the water below. Surprisingly, Venom leaves the wall-crawler to save the child, as the lunatic doesn't want to harm any innocent people. With police arriving on the scene, Venom decides to leave, willing to postpone his revenge against Spider-Man. The masked hero tries to follow after him, but his spider-sense warns him that the cab that Venom threw is about to explode, and shields the family from the handsome cab from the blast. In the aftermath of the battle, Spider-Man wonders what will happen next and swings away. Meanwhile, Styx and Stone have heard the reports of Spider-Man's battle in Central Park and are travelling there via the sewers in order to catch up with the hero undetected.At his Aunt May's home, Peter Parker wonders where Venom might be, unaware that the homicidal maniac is lurking just outside the window. Peter feels ineffectual because his spider-sense cannot pick up Venom thanks to the alien symbiote he wears. That's when Aunt May enters the room with some hot coco, after noting that Nathan Lubinsky has nodded off again. She asks Peter where his wife Mary Jane is, and Peter tells her that she had other plans so he decided to come over and visit his aunt. When Aunt May realizes that she forgot the marshmallows she goes back intp the kitchen. While she is gone, Venom manages to sneak up behind Peter. Venom hands a map to the bomb shelter where he has holed up and asks Peter to meet him there within 24 hours, or else. Furious, Peter tells Brock that he is sick of Venom threatening his Aunt May. This wounds Venom, as he considers Peter's aunt an innocent and promises to never harm her, offering to shake on it. Realizing that Eddie Brock has a sick sense of honor, Peter shakes on it. Having heard talking in the other room, Aunt May asks Peter who he is talking to. Parker tells her that it is an employee of the gas company. To sell this ruse, Venom changes his costume into that of a blue-collar worker and walks out just as Aunt May is entering the room. When Peter returns home, he suggests that he and Mary Jane take off for a vacation in Aruba. However, Mary Jane can't take time off from "Secret Hospital" and that they can't afford a trip. When Peter points out that they can still get her money back in the lawsuit against Jonathan Caesar, Mary Jane explains that she already signed a no contest agreement. Peter asks why she did that, confident they could have one the trial. However, Mary Jane couldn't bear to be in court where Caesar will leer at her for hours. Understanding his wife's position, Peter tells her that he understands and will get a refund for the plane ticket, even though his plans to get his wife away from Venom have just been quashed. While at Bedford towers, Jonathan Caesar demands that Styx and Stone destroy Spider-Man. Stone explains how when they went to Central Park to battle the wall-crawler, they found Venom on the scene fighting the hero. Figuring that Venom could lead them to Spider-Man, the pair followed after him, but lost him in a maze of abandoned subway tunnels. When Styx uses his powers to feed off a plant, Stone sends him to wait outside. Caesar asks what caused Styx to become a life-force stealing vampire. Stone explains that his partner was a homeless man suffering from cancer that was enlisted to test new experimental cancer treatments. Stone conducted his own independent studies, using Styx as his test subject. His treatment cured Styx, but made him a living cancer in the process.Meanwhile, Peter Parker decides to pay a visit to Flash Thompson where he holds boxing classes for children to get some advice. He worries that Felicia Hardy might be there, but to his relief she is not. After ending his session, Peter asks Flash about his volunteer work with underprivileged children. Thompson explains that he wanted to be a role model to these kids, since his own youth was devoid of such people. The exception was the fact that Flash idolized Spider-Man, and he has been using the wall-crawler as an example to guide him to always do the right thing. This reinvigorates Peter, and he thanks Flash for the advice. That evening, Styx and Stone are staking out the sewer pipe that Venom escaped into earlier that day. As their luck would have it, they witness Spider-Man enter the pipe in order to make his rendezvous with Venom. Eventually, Spider-Man finds the abandoned bomb shelter that Venom has set up operations in. Venom is waiting for him, and reiterates his hatred for Spider-Man. However, this bit of exposition was merely to distract Spider-Man while the symbiote tried to attack him from underneath.Leaping to safety, Spider-Man webs up some of the weights laying around and tries to throw them at Venom, but misses. When Venom lunges to attack, Spider-Man's spider-sense warns him that something is behind him and he ducks. This causes Venom to be struck by a chain fired out of the Stone's shoulder cannon. Although Venom breaks free, Stone hits him with a sonic blast that weakens the symbiote. While Brock is incapacitated, Spider-Man tries to get away, but Styx and Stone impede his progress. Venom eventually recovers and launches an attack on Stone, while Spider-Man avoids Styx's deadly touch. Venom shrugs off all of the different attacks that Stone launches on him, getting close enough for the maniac to crush his shoulder cannons. Stone calls Styx for help and his partner dutifully leaves his fight with Spider-Man to help. Styx touches Venom's body, causing extreme pain to the symbiote. Not wanting anyone to die, Spider-Man leaps in and knocks out Stone. When he turns to Styx he finds the deadly killer in a state of pure ecstasy. Surprisingly, Eddie Brock survived, but apparently his symbiote did not fare so well. When the authorities arrive to take the villains away, Spider-Man can't help but feel sorry for the alien symbiote for its sacrifice so Eddie could live. Still, he feels relieved that the menace of Venom appears to be finally over.Hearing rumors about a new super-conductor being stored at a warehouse, Electro plans to steal the device. Using his electrical powers he shorts out the security system and goes inside. Unknown to the villain at the time, Spider-Man has been staking out the warehouse for the past week hoping that something like this would happen so he can take photos for the Daily Bugle. Inside, Electro deals with the security guard and gets a boost from the electrical system in order to have the power to break into the vault. However, before he can accomplish this goal, Electro is confronted by Spider-Man. The wall-crawler dodges his blasts, making Electro run low on power. Starting to panic, the villain tries to boost his electrical power. Suddenly, metallic arms come crashing through the wall, and Spider-Man realizes, to his horror, that Doctor Octopus has arrived. While the Doctor uses his mechanical arms to keep Spider-Man at bay, Doctor Octopus tells Electro that he planted the story about the superconductor in order to draw Electro out to make him a proposition. With police approaching the scene, Electro asks Doctor Octopus if he has a place for them to hide out. Doctor Octopus smashes the ceiling revealing a hovercraft above the building. While Spider-Man is busy saving the security guard from the falling debris, Doctor Octopus and Electro manage to escape. In the aftermath of the battle, Spider-Man wonders what he's gotten himself into this time.The next day, Peter Parker is at Empire State University assisting Professor Evan Swann. They are working on a project that could use the Earth's ley lines as a power source. In order to map these ley lines, they have been allowed by Cordco Inc and Stark Industries is allowing them to use their launching pad to send their satellite into space. The satellite would then release a dye in Earth's atmosphere that will allow them to map out the ley lines. Peter is concerned about how safe this experiment is, but he is assured by Swann's assistant Anne-Marie Baker assures Peter that it is safe. The discussion is interrupted by a commotion outside the lab as people rush outside to catch a glimpse of Iron Man as he delivers an integrated reciprocator for Swann's project. After dropping this off, Iron Man heads off as he has Avengers business to conduct. Unimpressed with Iron Man's showing off, Peter decides to show off for his peers. Slipping away, he changes into Spider-Man and shows that he has the strength to lift up the device, but the gathered students are still excited about Iron Man's appearance. Spider-Man figures that he is so frequently seen on campus, the students don't pay him much attention.Meanwhile, at the midtown television studio where "Secret Hospital" is filmed, Mary Jane flubs one of her lines. This angers director Hal McGee who cuts the scene and begins ranting about working with rank amateurs and calls for a five-minute break. Mary Jane is unimpressed with his egotistical attitude, but her co-star Brie Daniels tells Mary Jane that Hal is under a lot of pressure as his wife drinks like a fish. As Hal tries to calm down, one of the stage lights falls on his head. As people are rushing to his aid, one of the lighting technicians notices that the cable on the light was deliberately cut. Later at that day, Mary Jane is still upset about the incident when she and Peter arrive to visit Aunt May. Concerned, Peter asks if they should cancel, but Mary Jane doesn't want to sit at home and dwell on the accident. When Peter and Mary Jane are invited in by Aunt May, Nathan Lubenski decides to go out and get some fresh air. Because of his heart condition, everyone is worried about his health, and Peter agrees to keep an eye on Nathan before dinner. Peter discreetly follows Nathan to the bank. When Lubenski leaves the bank a satchel full of money, he is noticed by a gang of thugs who start to follow him. Sensing trouble, Peter slips away and changes into Spider-Man to follow after him.Sure enough, in a nearby park, Nathan is confronted by the thugs who try to take his money. While Spider-Man is dealing with the gang members, one manages to get behind Nathan and put a knife to his throat. He orders Spider-Man to leave or he'll cut the old man's throat. With no other choice, the wall-crawler complies, intending to swing in from behind instead. However, before he can, an elderly woman who had been watching this mugging strikes the young punk in the face with her cane. Spider-Man then knocks the thug out and webs him up with the others. The excitement affects Nathan's heart and they get him his medication in time. At that moment, Spider-Man gets a look in Nathan's satchel and sees that it is filled with a large sum of money. Nathan then grabs the bag back from the web-slinger and wheels his way back home. Changing back into his civilian clothes, Peter returns shortly after Nathan gets back. Although May and  Mary Jane are glad that Nathan came back in one piece, Peter can't help but wonder where Lubenski got all that money, and worries that it might mean danger to him and his Aunt May. Meanwhile, in Brookyln, the Sandman is returning to his rented room when he is approached by Doctor Octopus. Otto tells the Sandman that he has a job he wants him in on. However, the Sandman explains that he has gone straight and that he is not interested. However, Doctor Octopus shows the Sandman a package that he mailed to Flint's borders, the Casadas. He explains that it is rigged with a bomb that will explode once the package was opened. With the Casadas' lives at risk, the Sandman has no choice but to join Doctor Octopus. When asked, Otto explains that he is preparing for the biggest caper of his criminal career and in order to carry it out he has decided to reform the Sinister Six.The Hobgoblin's sanctuary is infiltrated by Doctor Octopus, who has come to offer the demonically possessed mercenary a position in the new Sinister Six. After his failed partnership with Carrion, the Hobgoblin is uninterested in working with anyone and attacks. Hobgoblin tries to attack Doctor Octopus, but the mad scientist manages to deflect the attacks with his mechanical arms. With Otto's mechanical arms around his neck, the Hobgoblin threatens to incinerate him with hellfire. However, Doctor Octopus threatens to snap his neck before the flames can reach his physical body. Impressed, the Hobgoblin decides to learn more about the offer Doctor Octopus has come to give. Octavius tells the Hobgoblin to go to a specific address while he continues recruiting members of the Sinister Six.Meanwhile, at the Cordco launching pad on Long Island, a corporate spy working for Stane International begins snapping photos of the launch site when he is interrupted by Spider-Man. The wall-crawler easily disarms the spy and leaves him webbed up for security. While back at Peter and Mary Jane's Soho apartment, Mary Jane is visited by Officer Goldman who has been investigating the accident on the set of "Secret Hospital". Goldman tells MJ that he suspects that Jonathan Caeser may have been responsible. This is not a shock to Mary Jane since Caeser has been obsessed with her for months. When Peter enters the room, Detective Goldman is surprised to see her husband home and says that he has to go. Peter tells his wife that he has to photograph a charity event, but first, he wants to check on Aunt May. When he calls, she tells him that Nathan Lubenski's condition is getting worse. He wants to ask what Nathan was doing with all the money he pulled out of the bank, but that seems less important. After the call, he tells Mary Jane that he feels so helpless and wishes there was more he could do for Nathan. Mary Jane decides to try and cheer her husband up by asking if he wants her to tag along, which he gladly accepts. While back at Aunt May's home, Nathan wakes up from his rest and admits to May that he is scared. So is Aunt May, because she can't stand seeing him live in pain and can't think of living without him. Nathan assures her that she'll get by just fine, saying that he has assured that. On their way out of their apartment, Peter and Mary Jane run into Flash Thompson and Felicia Hardy who ask if the couple want to hang out. Peter tells Flash about his assignment and agrees to hang out sometime soon. Alone again, Peter admits to Mary Jane that he feels bad for avoiding Flash since he started dating Felicia. However, he is concerned of Felicia's twisted scheme to break Flash's heart. Mary Jane asks him if he's jealous himself of his ex-girlfriend dating one of his friends. Peter insists that his only concern is for Flash... mostly.Soon, the couple arrives at Madison Square Gardens where Peter has is photographing a performance being put on by Captain America. Between the crowd cheering for Captain American and recognizing Mary Jane for her role on "Secret Hospital" gets Peter feeling left out again. However, he comes up with an idea and asks Mary Jane if she wants to meet Captain America. Using his press credentials, Peter takes his wife backstage, but when they arrive Captain America has already left in a Quinjet. Suddenly, the room begins to shake and there is a large crash. With his spider-sense blaring, Peter tells his wife that he has to go into action as Spider-Man. In the box office, the Shocker is trying to make off with the money gathered for charity. Spider-Man interrupts him and the pair come to blows. Their fight sends them smashing through the wall and into the middle of a rock concert. As the battle rages in the middle of the arena, the concert goers cheer Spider-Man on. While Spider-Man is saving the people from a falling scaffold, the Shocker tries to flee through the concession. There, Spider-Man finally gets the leg up by tossing a vat of popcorn butter onto the floor, causing the Shocker to slip up enough to be webbed up by Spider-Man.That evening, on a lonely stretch of Pennsylvania road, Mysterio tests out his latest illusion, an earthquake simulation that will allow him to rob an armored car. He is interrupted by Doctor Octopus who was able to track Mysterio by his cash transfers from Atlantic City to Philadelphia. Offering him a position in his new Sinister Six, Mysterio isn't interested at first. However, when police cars begin coming their way, the pair hide out to avoid capture. With his current scheme compromised, Mysterio agrees to join up. Thinking to himself, Doctor Octopus gloats over his current scheme will change the world forever. The next day at the Daily Bugle, Peter is heading into the office to deliver his photos of the charity show. There he overhears how police in Pennsylvania found Mysterio's holographic projector. Recalling how both Electro and Doctor Octopus are also on the loose and worries that he may have more on his hand than he can handle.The Kingpin and his men are watching a demonstration being put on by the Vulture. The costumed villain demonstrates how lethal his flying ability is by flying with a mannequin at high speed and smashes it into the ground. Impressed, the Kingpin hires the Vulture to go to Atlantic City to eliminate Raymond Trask. The Kingpin is confident that the Vulture will assure his victory. However, the Kingpin's minion Mr. Grouper who placed a bet on the outcome of this assassination and decides it may be time to get some insurance to assure that things go in his favor. Meanwhile, high above the 59th Street Bridge, Spider-Man is heading toward Queens. He is concerned about the large sum of money that Nathan Lubenski recently pulled out of the bank. Given his past history with gambling addiction and the fact that he is in ill health, the wall-crawler is concerned that Nathan might have gambled away Aunt May's savings. Changing into his civilian clothing, Peter Parker arrives at his Aunt May's house. Wanting to talk to Nathan, Peter asks his Aunt to make one of her famous oat brand milkshakes. Alone with Nathan, Peter asks about the money. Although he is shocked that Peter knows about the money, he assures him that the money is legally his, as he cashed out his life insurance. Peter is upset to hear this, especially since Nathan is terminally ill. However, Nathan tells Peter that it is his own affair. Before they can discuss it further, Aunt May returns with his shakes. At that moment, at the penthouse of Nicholas Powel, Mr. Grouper pays him a visit. He tells about the bet he made on the assassination of Raymond Trask and wants to hire Chance as back up, offering to pay him 10% of his winnings. Chance accepts the offer, although he finds the wager of money so unnecessary. While back in Queens, Nathan is in bed questioning his own mortality. Aunt May tries to assure him that he will be with them for a long time still, although she isn't as confident as she wants to be and leaves him to rest so she can do some chores to hide the fact that she is in tears. With May out of the room, Nathan picks up the phone to speak to his bookie to see what the odds are on the Trask assassination. He is upset to hear that things are still even, but won't pull out of his wager, as he wants to build a nest egg for Aunt May for when he is gone.At that same moment, Mary Jane is saying goodbye to her husband Peter as he goes into a cab. On his way to Hudson River, Peter hopes this photographing the of a luxury yacht owned by Raymond Trask will take his mind off his alter-ego, Nathan, and his concerns about the ley line experiment being conducted at Empire State University. Also among the people in the crowd are Aunt May and Nathan Lubenski. May insists that Nathan should be at home resting, but Lubenski refuses. Unaware that his aunt and her fiancee are in the crowd, Peter's spider-sense begins going off, but he doesn't see anything. He is detecting the astral form of Doctor Strange who is passing by. Finding the events below to be trivial, Strange continues on his way. As soon as Strange is gone, Peter's spider-sense stops and dismisses the warning. When Raymond Trask makes his appearance to the public, the Vulture attacks. Before the villain can harm Trask, Spider-Man swings in. When the Vulture tries to escape, Spider-Man tags along with a web-line. The wall-crawler then uses his strength to force the Vulture into crashing to the ground below. Before Spider-Man can wrap this up, Chance arrives and begins opening fire on the masked hero. Spider-Man quickly webs up Chance's weapons and helmet. Rendered harmless, Chance considers this mission a bust and flees before he can be captured. By this time, the Vulture has recovered and grabs Aunt May as a hostage. As he takes to the air, Nathan Lubenski leaps up and grabs onto the Vulture's back. This shocks the Vulture enough to put May down. Soaring high into the air, Nathan realizes how high up he is and begins to call for help. Soon, the Vulture shakes Nathan free, and Spider-Man has to break off his pursuit to save Nathan from falling to his death. Meanwhile, police helicopters are arriving on the scene to apprehend the Vulture. Unfortunately, before they can capture him, Doctor Octopus arrives in his ship and offers to help the Vulture escape. The Vulture takes him up on the offer and they manage to escape. Seeing the craft fly away, Spider-Man recognizes it as the same one Doctor Octopus used to help Electro escape.Seeing the crowd gathered around Aunt May and Nathan, Spider-Man realizes that he has other things to worry about. On the ground, Aunt May tells Nathan to hold on as paramedics are on their way. However, Nathan is dying and he apologizes for leaving her with nothing. May's final words with him were how he gave him everything.Following the death of Nathan Lubensky, his friends and family are present at his burial. This includes Peter Parker, his Aunt May, and the former tenants of Aunt May's boarding house. After the service, Peter and his wife Mary Jane offer to let Aunt May stay with them for a while. However, May declines the offer, saying that she needs to get used to living alone again. As the couple leaves, Peter expresses his concerns for his Aunt May. Mary Jane points out that losing a loved one is hard for anyone, and that they need to support her during this difficult time. Still, Peter is worried about how his other worries might impede his ability to be there for her. Primary of these are the ley line experiment at ESU and how Doctor Octopus is planning something.Meanwhile, at a dockside warehouse in New Jersey, the newly reformed Sinister Six meets together for the first time. Doctor Octopus tells his allies that they are going to hold the entire world ransom. He explains that Cordco Inc. is launching a satellite from their Long Island facility. Octavius intends to load the satellite with poison that could wipe out all life on Earth if the leaders of the world don't give into his demands. Sandman doesn't want to be party to wholesale slaughter. However, Doctor Octopus insists that governments wouldn't risk annihilation and then warns him what will happen if he refuses to help. When Mysterio asks how they are going to protect themselves from the poison, Otto tells Mysterio and Hobgoblin to steal a supply of burundite from Empire State University that will make them immune to the poison. He also sends Electro and the Vulture to get other supplies they will need for their operation.While in Soho, Mary Jane tries to get Peter to make a decision on what to have for dinner, but he is distant. When she asks Peter what's wrong, he tells his wife to leave him alone. This comes as a shock to Mary Jane, who has never seen Peter so confused. As the couple go into their apartment, they are unaware that Detective Goldman is watching and assumes that Peter is abusive toward his wife. Inside, Mary Jane is about to lose her temper because she has her own problems, namely her stalker Jonathan Caeser. Insider their apartment, the couple apologize to each other for their short tempers before Peter leaves for ESU for Professor Swans ley lines project.At that moment at Empire State University, a scientist is about to examine the burundite when he is interrupted by Mysterio and the Hobgoblin. Before he can call security, Mysterio hypnotizes the scientist and orders him to turn over the rare element. However, before he can, a colleague comes into the room and grabs the burundite and locks it in a titanium safe. However, the safe is no match for the demonic powers of Hobgoblin. As it so happens, Peter Parker is walking past the building and hears the commotion inside. Changing into Spider-Man, the wall-crawler comes crashing in and stops Hobgoblin from harming some security guards. Spider-Man is surprised to see both Hobgoblin and Mysterio working together. Before he can stop them, Mysterio uses his illusions to make Spider-Man look like a bruiser threatening an elderly woman, allowing the two villains to escape. Once Mysterio's illusion wears off the mob stops attacking Spider-Man. He then overhears someone talking about a radio report about an attack on Governor's Island. While in Greenwich Village, Flash Thompson and Felicia Hardy are walking through a neighborhood basketball court. Flash is telling her that he has never found the right girl until he met her. This plays into Felicia's hands as she intends to break Flash's heart to get revenge against Peter Parker. They are interrupted by a gang who tries to mug them. Flash doesn't want any trouble and hands them Felicia's purse. Hardy thinks Flash is a coward until one of the muggers decides to try and rape Felicia. This pushes Flash too far and he beats them all into submission. This comes as a surprise to Felicia who never had anyone stand up for her before.On Governor's Island, the Vulture and Sandman are attacking a military facility to steal an amphibious tank. When Spider-Man arrives on the scene he is looking forward to paying the Vulture back for his part in Nathan Lubenski's death. However, the Sandman commendeers the tank and uses it to catch the wall-crawler in a net. By the time Spider-Man frees himself, the Vulture and Sandman have escaped. That's when Spider-Man hears a radio report about Electro attacking the Henly Building. Spotting the hero Nova flying by, Spider-Man tries to flag him down, but Nova doesn't see him. While at that moment, Jonathan Caeser finishes building a scale model of a "ideal" tropical honeymoon spot for when he finally forces Mary Jane to marry him, amused that if she resists him he can always feed her to the sharks. At that moment, Spider-Man has caught up with Electro who has stolen a satchel full of plans. Although Spider-Man causes Electro to spill the papers. Electro stuns Spider-Man and gathers up the papers, escaping in Doctor Octopus' ship. However, a scrap of the plans drifts is drifting in the air. Spider-Man grabs the scrap and discovers that it is a security diagrams for the Cordco facility, leaving the wall-crawler to wonder what their plans have to do with the ley line project.Back at their hideout, the members of the Sinister Six wait for Doctor Octopus begins preparing the formula that will make them immune to the poison. Doctor Octopus then explains to them the next step of their plan: infiltrating the Cordco facility and put their poison in the satellite. Unknown to his allies, Doctor Octopus intends to betray them as soon as they are no longer of use to him.From their stolen amphibious tank, Doctor Octopus raises a camera to show them the space satellite they intend to launch into space. He tells the other members of the Sinister Six that they will be replacing a special dye being used in ley line studies with a poison that could decimate all life on Earth. Sandman once again mentions his unease about this idea. Electro suggests they get rid of Sandman as he could be trouble, however, Doctor Octopus assures him that Sandman will help them regardless of his feelings. While on the surface, Spider-Man stakes out the launching site knowing that Doctor Octopus and his allies are up to something. However, he has been waiting long enough and decides to go since he will be back tomorrow as Peter Parker to assist Empire State University in their ley line experiment. Leaving Long Island, Spider-Man decides to pay a visit to his Aunt May who is still reeling from the recent death of her fiancee Nathan Lubenski.Arriving in Queens, Spider-Man changes into his civilian clothes and visits with his Aunt May. When he drops a cup of tea upon his arrival she begins chastising herself. Peter tries to comfort his Aunt but learns that she isn't sad about Nathan's passing, but angry at her self. Much to his surprise, Aunt May was wishing that Nathan would die so he wouldn't suffer anymore and that she feels guilty for feeling that way. Peter assures her that she has nothing to feel guilty about, as ending Nathan's suffering was only natural since there was nothing else they could do to save his life. Later, Peter returns to Soho, and as he walks back to his apartment he narrowly avoids getting struck by a falling chunk of concrete from the roof of a nearby building. With no time to change into costume, Peter slips into the alley and scrambles up the side of the building. He finds nobody on the roof but discovers that the chunk that fell was chiseled. Meanwhile, Mary Jane is in the apartment exercising while watching a daytime talk show where Mister Fantastic is being interviewed about the ley line project being conducted by ESU. When Peter comes in through the skylight he tells his wife about how he was searching for someone who was trying to kill him.Sitting down with Mary Jane to talk about it, MJ wonders if this attempt on Peter's life wasn't the work of Jonathan Caeser. Peter doesn't think so given that Jonathan Caeser has never done anything so crude to eliminate someone in the past. Meanwhile, back at their New Jersey hideout, the members of the Sinister Six train together while Doctor Octopus working on the poison that they are going to put on a satellite. When the Hobgoblin checks on the status of the poison, he learns how incredibly deadly it is. While Otto is distracted with his work, he fails to see the Hobgoblin grab a vial of the poison and pocket it/ in his satchel. The next morning, Peter and Mary Jane depart to start their days. Although Mary Jane tells Peter that she is going to a rehearsal for "Secret Hospital", she actually goes to a gun shop where she purchases a .38 Special.At that moment at Midtown Hospital, Jonathan Caeser pays a visit to "Secret Hospital" director Hal McGee. He threatens to inject Hal's IV with a toxic chemical if he doesn't sign a note asking Mary Jane to meet at a set that is not currently in use. Afraid for his life, McGee complies, but Caeser injects him with the poison anyway in order to cover his tracks. While at the Cordco facility on Long Island, Peter Parker waits for the satellite to be launched. However, his excitement turns to concern as his spider-sense begins going off. Suddenly, the Vulture and Hobgoblin storm the launch site while the other members of the Sinister Six smash through the front gate in their amphibious tank. Emerging from the tank, the Sinister Six quickly incapacitate the guards and make their way to the rocket. By this time, Peter has changed into Spider-Man and is shocked to discover that Doctor Octopus finally managed to bring together the Sinister Six again. Spider-Man leaps into battle, fighting Electro. Meanwhile, the guards at the base of the rocket are frightened off by one of Mysterio's illusions. With the canister of poison, Doctor Octopus heads to the rocket, ordering the Sandman to guard the launch pad. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is being swarmed by Electro, the Vulture, and Hobgoblin. The wall-crawler manages to incapacitate them all and swing up to the rocket. He overhears Doctor Octopus gloating about loading canisters of poison into the rocket. However, when he tries to stop Otto, when his webbing begins to melt, thanks to Mysterio. The web-slinger falls onto the Sandman. However, when Doctor Octopus goes down to try and kill the hero, Sandman refuses to allow him to do so. However, Doctor Octopus has prepared for Sandman's eventual betrayal. Pulling a specially made gun out of his sports coat, Otto blasts Sandman with it, turning him into glass. He then orders the Sinister Six to shatter the Sandman's body. While Spider-Man is occupied with defending the Sandman, Doctor Octopus goes into the control room and demands they launch the rocket. When the technicians refuse, Otto kills one of them to ensure the others follow his orders. Suddenly, Spider-Man's spider-sense begins to go off, and he warns his enemies that the rocket is about to launch. Getting back to a safe distance, Spider-Man is distracted because he is carrying the Sandman's inert body. This leaves him vulnerable to the Hobgoblin who sprays he vial of poison gas in the wall-crawler's face, leaving him for dead.While attempting to stop the Sinister Six from launching a satellite full of deadly poison, Spider-Man ended up getting gassed with the same poison leaving him at the mercy of his foes. However, the poison doesn't seem to be killing Spider-Man as quickly as they had expected. That's when Doctor Octopus arrives and reveals the secret he has been keeping from his allies. He tells them that poisoning the entire world was a worthless prospect, and instead the satellite is loaded with a chemical that will cause cocaine addicts convulse when they take the drug. The only cure is the stolen burundite. He explains that addicts will be willing to pay a fortune to continue their addictions giving Octavius the funds he needs to take over the world on his own. Furious at being double-crossed, the Sinister Six attack Doctor Octopus, but he is able to deflect all of their attacks with his mechanical arms. When the authorities begin arriving on the scene, the Sinister Six flee. Before Doctor Octopus can get away, a recovered Spider-Man tries to stop him. However, Octavius tosses the weapon that will restore Sandman back to human form into Long Island Sound and escapes. However, Spider-Man tags the weapon with a spider-tracer, and another on the fleeing Doctor Octopus. Unwilling to leave the Sandman trapped in a glass form, the wall-crawler recovers the weapon and uses it to restore Sandman to normal.With nothing left to do at the scene, Spider-Man returns to his apartment in Soho. There he finds his wife Mary Jane, who tells him about the not she received from her director, Hal McGee asking her to meet with him. No sooner has Peter sat down the phone rings. It's Professor Swan who tells him that he needs to get to Empire State University. The couple takes a cab together. No sooner have they gone does Mary Jane receives a phone call from a colleague. Getting the voicemail, she explains that she has called to tell her that Hal McGee died in the hospital. While Peter learns that the chemical created by Doctor Octopus could destroy the Earth's ozone layer. Peter examines the information and tells Swann that burundite could neutralize the toxin that was recently stolen from Doctor Octopus. Meanwhile, Mary Jane arrives at the television studio and soon discovers that it was a trap set for her by Jonathan Caeser. When he tells her that he had come for her, she refuses to go anywhere with him. This upsets Caeser who decides that if he can't have her, nobody can, and pulls out a knife. At that moment, Spider-Man has tracked down his spider-tracer to Doctor Octopus' hideout in New Jersey. While at the television studio, Jonathan Caeser is interrupted by the arrival of officer Hal Goldman, who easily dealt with Caeser's hired muscle. Jonathan is shocked to have his plan falling apart and is gunned down by the police officer. Mary Jane is horrified to witness a cold-blooded murder committed by a police officer. Hal tells her that he lied to her when they first met, he then reveals to Mary Jane that he is her biggest fan. Meanwhile, Spider-Man confronts Doctor Octopus and warns him of the risk to the ozone layer. Doctor Octopus refuses to listen and attacks Spider-Man. The two struggle with one another until his Doctor Octopus' flailing arms strikes a fuel tank, causing an explosion. As flames rush toward the burundite as Spider-Man races to save it from destruction. While at the television studio, Officer Goldman reveals that he is not really a police detective but a simple file clerk. He explains that he is a huge fan of "Secret Hospital" and after reading the file on Jonathan Caeser decided she needed protection. He then reveals that he was the one who ran over the elderly woman who slapped her across the face, dropped a spotlight on his director's head, and attempted to kill her husband. Realizing she is dealing with another stalker, Mary Jane warns Goldman that she has a gun. However, Goldman knows she is bluffing because there is a wait period to purchase a gun. She tells Hal that she doesn't want his protection. Disappointed by this, Goldman decides that he will have to kill her. At that moment, Spider-Man has saved the burundite from the flames. This convinces Doctor Octopus that Spider-Man was telling the truth and vows to get his ultimate revenge against Spider-Man for another time. As Doctor Octopus flees, Spider-Man rushes to Empire State University with the burundite. While at the television studio, Mary Jane tries to stall for time. She tells Hal that when he kills her that they will have to change the story arc for "Secret Hospital" and asks him if he'd like to hear what they were planning on doing. Hal falls for this, allowing Mary Jane to get close enough to spray him in the face with her hairspray. While Goldman is blinded she hits him so hard she knocks him out. At Empire State University, Spider-Man assists staff in creating a device that will release burundite into Earth's atmosphere neutralizing Doctor Octopus' deadly chemicals. In order to get it into space, Spider-Man has called in Thor to assist them. The thunder god flies into orbit with the device and activates it, saving the Earth. Seeing that Spider-Man isn't cheering over their victory, Thor asks him why. The wall-crawler explains that he is too busy worrying about what would have happened. That evening, Peter returns to his apartment to find Mary Jane waiting for him. When they both say they couldn't believe the day they had, the two can't help but laugh and hug each other.Spider-Man is chasing after a group of thieves in a department store who had just stolen the payroll. The wall-crawler webs up all except for their leader. Chasing him outside, where the thug tries to toss a tear gas grenade at the wall-crawler. Spider-Man knocks it out of his hand and wraps it up in webbing to smother the blast and knocks the ringleader out. Recovering his camera, Spider-Man hopes he can sell the photos to J. Jonah Jameson. Starting to cough, Spider-Man wonders if this is a side effect of the chemical that the Hobgoblin had sprayed him with. When Spider-Man returns to his apartment through the skylight window. Taking off his mask, Peter notices how dreadful he looks. When his wife Mary Jane asks him if he is done with the shower, it is because his Aunt May has come to visit. Putting on a bathrobe, Peter emerges from the bathroom to greet his aunt. May notices that Peter is sick and after the recent loss of her fiancee Nathan Lubenski, May tells Peter to call a doctor. He promises that he will if he's not well by the following day and sees her out. She reminds Peter that he promised to go to the opera with Mary Jane and asks him to tell her all about it.Later that evening, after the opera, Mary Jane notices that her husband is in a distant mood. He tells her his concerns about the chemicals he was sprayed with by the Hobgoblin. She suggests that he runs a few tests on himself at Empire State University. Even though his expertise isn't biology, Peter agrees to do something. Peter arrives at the new digest that J. Jonah Jameson had set up after Thomas Fireheart bought the Daily Bugle to sell his photos. He walks in on a meeting between J. Jonah Jameson and a Doctor Turner. Turner has come to Jonah's publication looking for Spider-Man. Turner explains that he wants to run some tests on Spider-Man as the results could be beneficial to his crusade to help people. Jameson tells Turner that he has no connection to the wall-crawler and tells him to scram. Overhearing all this, Peter wonders what he these benefits could be and decides to go and seek out Dr. Turner as Spider-Man.Quickly changing into Spider-Man, the wall-crawler catches up to Doctor Turner on the street and agrees to accompany him back to his lab. There, Doctor Turner shows Spider-Man a machine he created that can do a thorough scan of his powers to give the most detailed explanations possible. After taking a blood sample from the hero, Turner asks him to stand under a lens matrix that will scan his entire body. When the machine is turned on, Spider-Man's spider-sense begins to scream warning him of serious danger. Starting to feel weak, Spider-Man leaps out of the lens matrix's beam. When he tries to cling to the nearest wall, at first it doesn't work, but he soon finds purchase, much to his relief. Fearing that the machine was stripping him of his powers, Spider-Man orders Turner to destroy it and leaves. Doctor Turner notices Spider-Man's concerns over his powers and suspects he may come back for further tests if he is given the proper motivation, and he knows just who to hire. The next morning at JFK International Airport, Spider-Man is among those welcoming the ambassador of a recently liberated Baltic country. Spider-Man muses about the situation, attributing it to the Daily Bugle's recent positive reports about the masked hero. When the ambassador disembarks from his plane. Suddenly, Spider-Man's spider-sense goes off warning him of danger. He notices that some unseen force is causing the plane to move forward. He quickly webs up the landing gear and carries the ambassador to safety. No sooner does Spider-Man have the ambassador away from the danger is he confronted by the Femme Fatales. He recognizes both Whiplash and Bloodlust, but is introduced to their other teammates Knockout and Mindblast. When the police arrive on the scene, they are slaughtered by Bloodlust. Spider-Man tries to stop her, but she manages to slash open his calf in order to break free of his hold. Put on the defensive, Spider-Man tries to get some distance between himself and his attackers. Exhausted and slowing down, he leaps onto the top of the ambassador's aircraft to catch his breath. Unfortunately, Bloodlust cuts open the fuel tank and while Mindblast uses her telekinetic powers to keep Spider-Man near the plane. When Knockout prepares to set the jet fuel on fire, Spider-Man manages to snare a wing with his webbing and slam it into Mindblast, allowing him to get clear before the plane explodes.With reinforcements arriving on the scene, the Femme Fatales flee. Returning home, and telling his Aunt May that he is feeling better, he confides in Mary Jane. After nearly getting himself killed during the battle earlier that day, Peter fears over what his death would do to his Aunt May. After some thinking, Peter decides to strip himself of his powers. To this end, Spider-Man returns to Doctor Turner's lab and tells him to run his scanning machine again in order to take away his spider-powers for good.After a near death experience, Spider-Man has come to Doctor Turner whose scanning machine can strip him of his spider-powers. After being exposed to the rays, Spider-Man tells Turner to shut it off because he can't handle the pain anymore. After the machine is shut off, Spider-Man runs some tests to make sure that his spider-powers are gone. Sure enough, his wall-crawling, super-strength, and spider-sense are all gone and thanks Turner before leaving. He is unaware that Doctor Turner has ulterior motives for stripping Spider-Man of his abilities. As the powerless hero goes up to the roof he thinks about his decision to get rid of his powers. After the death of Aunt May's fiancee Nathan Lubenski, he is the only one that May has left. He further justifies this since only his wife Mary Jane knows he is really Spider-Man. Instinctively web-slinging to get home, Spider-Man stops himself when he remembers that he doesn't have his spider-strength or agility anymore. Fearing his safety, Spider-Man climbs back up onto the roof and resigns to the fact that he's going to have to go home by foot.Back inside Doctor Turner's office, the doctor asks his secretary to get him some grapes. He then begins to muse at the good fortune he had purchasing his scanning device from the Tinkerer. While at the secret hideout of the Tarantula, hidden in an inconspicuous garbage scowl on the Hudson River, the villain gets a call from government agent Gulliver South. South tells the Tarantula that Spider-Man has recently lost his powers and that he can get revenge on the hero for interfering with his mission to eliminate Delvadian refugees living in New York. Wondering how South got this information, Gulliver tells him that he has access to lots of information. However, this call was not made by South, it is actually Doctor Turner in disguise. When his secretary returns with grapes, he slaps her across the face for failing to peel them first. Later, in Soho, Peter and Mary Jane return home to their apartment. Along the way, Peter explains how strange it is to be a normal person again. When they get to their front door they find Flash Thompson and Felicia Hardy waiting for them. They have come to invite the Parkers along with them for a picnic in Central Park. Much to Mary Jane and Felicia's surprise, Peter thinks this is a great idea and invites their couple inside while he makes a few phone calls. Inside, Mary Jane pulls Peter aside and asks why he wants to go on a picnic with Flash and Felicia especially since they know that Felicia is only dating Thompson because she wants to get back at Peter for marrying Mary Jane. However, Peter isn't concerned anymore since he is no longer Spider-Man, pointing out that Felicia was only attracted to Spider-Man.When Peter calls his Aunt May to invite her along, she turns down the offer as she is still processing Nathan's death. She lets her go when there is a knock at the door. It's the new mailman, Willie Lumpkin who has brought a letter from May's friend Anna Watson in Florida. He tells her that it had insufficient postage, but tells her it's on him this time and bids her a good day. As Lumpkin leaves, Aunt May can't help but notice what a kind "young man" the elderly letter carrier is. At that moment, at a block party being thrown to raise money to provide refuge for Delvadian refugees. The ceremonies are hosted by Padre Enrique Lopez. As he talks to the media, the festivities are interrupted by gunfire. The shots are fired by the Tarantula's men, who distract the authorities so the Tarantula can dispatch them with his poison-tipped foot spikes. The Padre asks the Tarantula what he wants, and the villain explains that he wants revenge against Spider-Man. Meanwhile, in Central Park, Peter and Flash enjoy tossing a frisbee around. After, Flash suggests they get some ice cream, but only he and Felicia are interested. Left alone, Mary Jane points out that Felicia seems less catty this time around. Peter figures that she is having a great time like they are. At the ice cream stand, Flash surprises Felicia with a heart-shaped locket much to her surprise. When they return to Peter and Mary Jane they all overhear a radio report about the Tarantula's challenge to Spider-Man. Peter rushes off to do something about it, even though he doesn't have powers anymore. Flash grabs Felicia and heads that way as well, thinking that Spider-Man might need help. Mary Jane tries to keep calm and collected but can't and resigns to go with the others.Peter rushes home to get his Spider-Man costume and decides to go into action as he cannot allow Father Lopez die before of him. Clumsily swinging through the window into the building where the priest is being held hostage. Even though he is without his powers, Spider-Man is limber enough to dodge the Tarantula's strikes for the time being. While outside, a SWAT team prepares to storm the building, Flash fears that Spider-Man might get shot and rushes into the building himself. Mary Jane also notices that Felicia managed to slip away while nobody was looking, leaving Mary Jane to wonder how many people she is going to lose this day. Back inside, Spider-Man manages to drop a crate full of streamers which distract him long enough for the wall-crawler to land a blow. Surprisingly, hitting his enemy actually hurts his hand. Elsewhere, Flash Thompson manages to get the drop on one of the Tarantula's minions and gets his weapon. As Spider-Man is busy dodging the Tarantula's strikes, Flash manages to get the Padre and covers his escape with gunfire. While the Tarantula is distracted, Spider-Man flees the scene. However, the danger has not passed as the Tarantula manages to catch up to Flash and strike him with his poisoned tipped boots.Before he can land the fatal strike, the Tarantula is attacked by Felicia. She knocks out the Tarantula with her powers. When Spider-Man asks why she risked her life for Flash, she lies telling him that she can't break his heart if he is dead. Soon the authorities start forcing their way inside, prompting Spider-Man to leave. Outside, Peter and Mary Jane are reunited, and Felicia goes with Flash to the hospital. On her way out, Felicia tells Peter that she hopes that he was able to take some great photos, saying that Spider-Man wasn't himself, hinting that she knows that he lost his powers. Meanwhile, Doctor Turner has heard that his recent ploy to destroy Spider-Man has failed and goes through his computer records for another agent. He settles on Spider-Man's old foe the Scorpion and decides that he would be perfect for this operation.Peter Parker returns home angry that he couldn't do more. His wife Mary Jane tells him not to be so hard on himself because he's not Spider-Man anymore. He is referring to when they were out on the town and they came upon a couple being mugged in an alley. Peter wanted to leap in and help, but Mary Jane reminded him that he doesn't have his spider-powers anymore. Peter grabs a piece of wood to use as a defensive weapon, but she insists that he could get hurt. Instead of coming in to help, Peter throws the piece of wood into a store window setting off the alarm and scaring off the crooks. Mary Jane tells him that he did the best he could given the circumstances, but still, Peter feels useless. When he tells Mary Jane that he's going up to the roof to get some air, she worries that he is taking the death of Aunt May's fiancee Nathan Lubenski.Meanwhile, at Doctor Turner's office, the doctor has outfitted the Scorpion with a new tail based on the original designs of the one that was recently taken from him by the Rhino. After the villain tests out his weapon to make sure it's working, he is ordered to use it to destroy Spider-Man. After the Scorpion leaves, Doctor Turner goes to his staff and tells them it is time for them to leave. While on the roof of his Soho apartment, Peter Parker is approached by the Black Cat who is concerned about how Spider-Man needed help during his recent battle with the Tarantula. When Felicia presses him for answers, Peter admits that he got rid of his powers. Peter then tells her that she can end her revenge scheme against him by breaking Flash Thompson's heart. Felicia tells Peter that her relationship with Flash Thompson is none of his business. She tells him that she realizes that she has feelings for Flash and she isn't sure hurting Peter is worth hurting Peter. As they are discussing this, Mary Jane arrives on the roof with hot cocoa for herself and Peter. Seeing Peter talking to Felicia, hurts her and she goes down without another word.Meanwhile, at Blessing Hospital, Doctor Elias Wirtham are examining a young woman with a heart problem. When her heart monitor starts giving the alarm, Wirthham sends the nurse to get a crash cart. However, she won't come back in time to save this young woman's life. Left alone, Wirthham realizes that he is going to have to act. He holds his hand over the woman's chest and it begins to glow. When the nurse and other doctors arrive, she is back to normal. Her survival is considered a miracle. The next day at Empire State University, Peter is working on a way to commercialize his spider-tracers to make some extra money. His work is interrupted by a phone call from Aunt May who invites him out to lunch. There, she tells him how her new mailman, Willie Lumpkin, has invited her out to see a band concert in the park. She tells Peter that he is a nice man and wonders if it's too soon after Nathan's death to start seeing someone. Hearing this, Peter tells her that she can't go on mourning Nathan's death forever and she should go for it. Later Peter goes to the offices of J. Jonah Jameson's News Digest for an assignment. He realizes that he won't be able to get sensational photos without his spider-powers, but is glad that he doesn't have to deal with super-villains anymore. Just as he is thinking this, the Scorpion comes crashing into the office to kill J. Jonah Jameson once and for all. As he walks out of the office with Jameson as a prisoner, he tells the publisher that he would consider sparing his life if Spider-Man takes his place.As the Scorpion gets away, Peter tries to call the Avengers and the Fantastic Four, but neither team is home. With no other choice, Peter calls Flash Thompson to ask if Felicia is around. While the Scorpion makes his demands to the police, Peter waits for Felicia to arrive with his Spider-Man costume. When Spider-Man and the Black Cat arrive on the scene, the Scorpion lets slip that he was hired by Doctor Turner, which comes as a surprise to Spider-Man. While the Black Cat tangles with the Scorpion, Spider-Man makes sure that Jonah is safe. As usual, Jameson figures that Spider-Man is in league with the Scorpion. Spider-Man doesn't have time for Jameson's recriminations and tells him to get to safety. When the Scorpion ambushes the wall-crawler, he just barely manages to grab onto the edge of the roof before he falls off. However, as the Black Cat continues to battle the Scorpion, Spider-Man loses his grip. Quick thinking, he fires a web line and swings into a nearby skylight. Spider-Man rushes up the stairs and tries to snare the Scorpion in a web ball, but the villain easily breaks free. The Black Cat leaps in to get Spider-Man out of harm's way. However, Spider-Man can't just stand back and do nothing and leaps at his foe. The web-slinger is easily whipped away. Angered that Spider-Man was hurt, the Black Cat uses her claws to slash open the Scorpion's power pack and pushes him into a nearby rooftop swimming pool. This shorts out the Scorpion's tail. Without his primary weapon, the Scorpion leaps onto a passing helicopter to get away, but not before Spider-Man tags him with a modified spider-tracer. The pair rush to Doctor Turner's office and discover that it is totally deserted. Searching for clues, Spider-Man finds a laurel wreath in a trashcan and has a pretty good idea of who Doctor Turner really is.Since Spider-Man has lost his powers, the Black Cat agrees to swing him back home. She complains about how much he weighs prompting Spider-Man to joke that he is not to blame, but they both know otherwise. Peter thinks back to earlier when the Black Cat had brought him home after their last battle. Peter recounts how his powers were taken away from him by Doctor Turner, and that he has somehow been involved on the recent attacks on the wall-crawler since he lost his powers. When Black Cat returns Spider-Man home to Mary Jane, MJ remembers that she invited the Osborns and Flash Thompson over for dinner. This prompts Spider-Man (Peter) and the Black Cat (Felicia) to quickly change out of costume, with Mary Jane telling Felicia to take clothes from her closet. When Peter and Mary Jane answer the door, they invite their guests in. They are all stunned when Felicia enters the room wearing one of Mary Jane's revealing evening dresses. Mary Jane is unimpressed that Peter's ex-girlfriend is showing her up at her own party. However, seeing how Felicia is acting around Flash, Mary Jane is convinced that she actually cares for him. Peter is glad, because Felicia told him that she was helping him because of his friendship to Flash, and he needs Felicia to help him survive.After the visit, Spider-Man uses his spider-tracer tracking device to lead them to the Botanical Gardens. Looking in from the roof, Spider-Man and Felicia see Doctor Turner meeting with the Femme Fatales, the Scorpion, and the Tarantula. Listening in, they are surprised when Doctor Turner reveals himself to be the Chameleon. They overhear the Chameleon telling his minions that the device he procured from the Tinkerer didn't eliminate Spider-Man's powers, only suppressed them. Hearing this, and realizing that he can't give up his powers, Spider-Man decides that he needs to use the machine to get his powers back. The Black Cat leaps through the window and keeps the villains distracted while the wall-crawler sneaks in, in the hopes of using the machine while his foes are distracted. However, the Chameleon has prepared for an attack and uses a device to activate some artificial plants that he planted in the area that begin restraining her. The Black Cat manages to break free and hold her own, taking out Knockout and Brainscan with the Tarantula's poison-tipped shoes. However, she is ambushed by the Scorpion, Bloodlust, and Whiplash. By this point, Spider-Man has figured out the machine and uses it to restore his powers. His spider-sense kicks in immediately, and he sees that the Black Cat has taken damage to her body.With his powers back in full force, Spider-Man leaps into battle. First, he wraps up Bloodlust, followed by Whiplash and the Scorpion. When Spidey remembers the Chameleon, he sees the Black Cat who says she's going after the Chameleon,but when Spider-Man wonders what happened to her wounds, he sees the real Black Cat, and realizes that he was tricked by the Chameleon pretending to be the Black Cat. He hears the police arriving and decides to leave the villians to them, choosing instead to help the injured Black Cat escape. As they leave, Spider-Man wrecks the machine that suppressed his powers. In the aftermath of the battle, Black Cat is concerned because she has lost her powers. Peter apologizes, as he couldn't let the machine fall into the wrong hands. Although this is a huge change for her, she doesn't want Flash to know she was the Black Cat because he might figure out that she was toying with his emotions just to hurt Peter. Spider-Man assures her that he will keep her secret if she keeps his. The next day, Peter and Mary Jane go to visit Aunt May in Queens. There he asks his Aunt May a "hypothetical" question on if he should help someone in danger even if it means someone will get hurt or killed. May tells him that if he didn't try, he wouldn't be welcome in his house anymore. She reminds him of his sense of responsibility and how his Uncle Ben would be proud of him. As they finish their discussion, May's new boyfriend, Willie Lumpkin, arrives with a dozen roses. Interestingly, he tells May that she hit the jackpot, the very same words that Mary Jane said to Peter when they first met.While at Blessing Hospital, a cocaine addict goes berserk with a knife, cutting Doctor Elias Wertham's arm. As his nurses restrain him, Wertham goes back to his office to paint over the Vibranium mesh that has replaced his skin, revealed by a knife cut. Elias had decided that he has waited on the sidelines long enough and that he will deal with the death merchants that peddle drugs as Cardiac.Slipping past the guards in a warehouse, Spider-Man takes photos of chemicals that are used in the production of cocaine that is being kept there. As the wall-crawler begins taking photos for the Daily Bugle, his spider-sense begins to go off. Suddenly, one of the walls blows open, revealing a costumed individual calling himself Cardiac. The guards open fire, but the bullets bounce off Cardiac's invulnerable hide. He then turns his staff on the barrels of chemicals and blast them. That's when Spider-Man intervenes. At first, Cardiac is delighted to see a fellow crime fighter, but when Spider-Man points out that he can't just blow up property at a legitimate operation, Cardiac considers the wall-crawler an enemy and tries to blast the hero. Spider-Man dodges the blast, and while he is avoiding getting crushed by debris Cardiac makes his escape. Hearing police sirens, Spider-Man leaves the scene and changes back into Peter Parker. As the officers are cordoning off the area, he meets up with reporter Joy Mercado and confirms that he managed to get pictures inside. While Peter worries that the coincidence of Spider-Man and Peter Parker being in the same place might compromise his double identity, Doctor Elias Wirtham considers the implications of being Cardiac due to his Hippocratic oath as a physician. However, Wirtham takes to heart what Spider-Man told him during their battle, that the world is not perfect.The next morning, Mary Jane has just finished acting a scene for her character on the soap opera "Secret Hospital". On break, she finds her husband, Peter Parker, have come bring her breakfast. Peter is glad that the scene, which involved Mary Jane kissing a co-actor, is all part of the script. This causes Mary Jane to feel guilty by the comment, given what almost happened between her and actor Jason Jerome. However, this unease is quickly forgotten as the couple sit down to eat. Meanwhile, at Wirtham Tower, Elias checks his schedule for the day. Learning that he has a charity function to attend that evening, he tells his secretary to cancel the appearance as he has more pressing matters to attend to. Entering his office, he remembers the vow that he made to someone special that set him on this course to take preventative measures to stop those whose illegal activities are ignored, hence his attack on the Spirdyne Chemicals warehouse the night before. He intends to use his newfound powers to right these sorts of shady operations.At that moment, Justin Hammer is enjoying a tranquil vacation within his secret facility hidden within an arctic iceberg. He is informed of the financial losses caused by Cardiac's attack on the Sapirdyne Chemicals. Upset at being interrupted, Hammer tells his assistant to send his costumed operative the Rhino, as he has prepared a new suit of armor for the villain. While at Empire State University, Peter Parker is busy working on a scientific experiment in his advanced chemistry class. Unfortunately, he is unable to focus on his work when he realizes that the chemicals he is using were produced by Sapirdyne. He decides to look into the company to find out what Cardiac's attack was all about. Later that evening, at Rykers Island, Eddie Brock exercises in his cell, much to the annoyance of his cellmate, Cletus Kasady, a notorious serial killer. Brock explains that he needs to keep his body in peak physical condition so that he can avenge the death of the symbiote that made him Venom. When Cletus explains that one can do what they want if they have the will to do it, which wearies Brock, who is unhappy with being cellmates with the killer. Looking out the window of their cell, Cletus is frightened by something he sees looking in on them. However, when they go for a closer look, there is nothing there.Later that evening, Spider-Man swings across the city. Along the way, he passes the Osborn Chemical Company and he briefly wonders what his friend Harry's company does with the chemicals they create. Soon, he arrives at his destination, the Sapirdyne Chemical factory. Also arriving at the scene is Elias Wirtham, who changes into his costume inside his van and prepares to attack the facility. When Cardiac gets past the main gates, he is ambushed by the Rhino who is protecting the facility. Unprepared for an encounter with a super-villain, Cardiac begins to panic. As he flees the Rhino, Spider-Man arrives on the scene and attacks the Rhino. However, the Rhino rams into the wall, damaging the catwalk that Cardiac has fled to. Spider-Man comes to Cardiac's aid, and when he tries to web up the Rhino, his webbing dissolves once it hits the villain's costume. When the Rhino charges again, Spider-Man manages to knock over a drum filled with liquid teflon to trip up his enemy. In response, the Rhino pulls free a number of wires and throws them at Spider-Man, forcing the wall-crawler to dodge them. Before the Rhino could attack the hero, Cardiac interferes, sending the Rhino crashing through a wall. With the Rhino distracted, Cardiac uses his staff to blast the vats of chemicals he came to destroy, despite the protests from Spider-Man. With the live wires snaking on the ground near the highly flammable chemicals all the combatants flee the scene just moments before the chemical plant explodes. Spider-Man stays on the scene as firefighters. He hopes they can find a clue as to why Cardiac attacked the facility, as he doesn't have anymore answers than when he first arrived. When the reports of the incident get to Justin Hammer, he is amused to discover that Spider-Man tried to stop Cardiac and decides to use this to his advantage.Cardiac continues his attacks on Sapirdyne Chemicals by targeting their main office. He blasts open a safe looking for records, however, he finds none. One of the executives tells him that the CEO, Mr. Sapir, had taken them early that morning. Cardiac figures they were taken intentionally after his last attack. Suddenly, the security guards come bursting into the room. Not wanting to hurt them, Cardiac tries stuns them with a blast from his beta-powered pulse staff. However, with bullets flying all over the office, Cardiac decides to leave the scene to find the information he is looking for and leaps out of the window. Quickly getting away, Cardiac slips into the ambulance that he has parked nearby and changes into his civilian guise of Doctor Elias Wertham. As he heads back to the hospital he owns, he fears that his attacks on Sapirdyne have caused them to start covering up their ethically questionable business deals. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is swinging across Queens trying to find some lead on Cardiac. He questions Cardiac's methods of attacking Sapirdyne's sale of chemicals to South America. While they could be used to produce cocaine, the chemicals also have a legitimate use and they can't jump to the conclusion that they are going to be used in criminal activity. No matter how noble Cardiac's intentions are, Spider-Man has to stop him. Moments later, Mary Jane arrives at Aunt May's house and worries that Peter is going to be late. However, he surprises her by arriving on time.After Peter changes into his civilian clothes, he and Mary Jane are invited into May's house for lunch. Also, there is May's new boyfriend, Willie Lumpkin. Left alone with Willie while the women are serving lunch, Peter has an awkward time striking up a conversation with the mail man. Willie breaks the ice by telling Peter he knows how he must feel after the death of his Uncle Ben and the more recent passing of May's fiancee Nathan Lubenski, but he assures Peter that he has nothing but honorable intentions for May. Peter thanks Willie for speaking so candidly with him and apologizes for being stand-offish. Willie takes no offense as he knows Peter loves his aunt and only wants what is best for her. Meanwhile, at the Arctic retreat of industrialist Justin Hammer, the crooked businessman cannot take his mind off of how Cardiac is interfering with his business operations. Hammer decides to take things a step further, telling his assistant Phillip Barnett to get him the contact information for the press and various embassies located in New York City.Two days later, Peter Parker still has found no trace of Cardiac and it has started to affect his grades. Returning to Empire State University, Peter comes across a poster of Silver Sable asking Spider-Man to contact her immediately. He wonders what Sable wants with his alter-ego this time. Changing into Spider-Man, the wall-crawler pays a visit to the Symkarian Embassy where Silver Sable introduces him to Herschel Sapir the owner of Sapirdyne Chemicals who has hired Silver Sable International to deal with Cardiac. Since he also knows that Spider-Man had previously assisted Silver Sable in the past he has also asked for the web-slingers assistance as well. He is willing to pay Spider-Man for his time, and the web-slinger accepts the offer although he doesn't entirely trust Sapir considering he had hired the Rhino to protect one of his chemical plants. At sunset, Elias Wertham's media alert system informs him of a news report about how Sapirdyne Chemicals making a massive shipment of chemicals aboard the S.S. Palermo in what the company insists is a legal sale of chemicals. Seeing this Elias begins to be wracked with pain. He rushes to his secret lab where he uses the maintenance program to stabilize his artificial heart that not only keeps him alive but also channels his powers. He insists that he must stay alive as long as possible so he can fulfill the promise he made to his brother Josh.That evening, tugboats pull the S.S. Palermo out of New York Harbor for its trip. Onboard, the ship is Spider-Man, who is on board to protect the ship from attack by Cardiac. Also on board is an Australian man who has been to hired to deal with Spider-Man after. While at Riker's Island, Eddie Brock continues his ongoing exercise regime, much to the annoyance of his cellmate Cletus Kasady, a notorious serial killer. Suddenly, the window of their sell is filled with a black substance that seems to be alive. Cletus is frightened by the mass, but Eddie Brock is delighted to see that his symbiote is alive after all. Bonding with his "other", Eddie Brock then smashes the outer wall of his cell and flees. Cletus is still frightened but figures the incident is over with, unaware that the symbiote left a dripping portion of itself on the bars of the window.By this time, the tugboats have finished pulling the ship out to sea. No sooner than the S.S. Palermo begins its voyage, Spider-Man's spider-sense goes off. He warns the crew to abandon ship and they all comply except for the Australian man. He turns out to be Spider-Man's foe Boomerang. Meanwhile, Spider-Man confronts Cardiac in the ship's cargo hold. He tries to reason with Cardiac, telling him that laws are not to be broken, even if they need to be changed. Not willing to listen, Cardiac opens fire with his beta-staff, but the wall-crawler dodges it. The hero then tries to pull the weapon from Cardiac's hands but fails. As the battle rages, Boomerang watches from the sidelines. Even though Justin Hammer ordered him not to reveal himself until after the battle is over and to finish whoever was left. However, the villain wants to make a reputation for himself and attacks the pair. He tosses two "disruptorangs". While one briefly stuns Spider-Man, the other affects Cardiac's, artificial heart. Seeing Cardiac in distress, the wall-crawler quickly stops Boomerang's attack by webbing up one of his rocket boots sending him flying out of control into the ocean. When Spider-Man turns to aid Cardiac, he discovers that his foe has recovered and he successfully blasts a hole in the ship, causing it to sink. Cardiac gloats that he has struck a crippling blow to Sapirdyne Chemicals that will lead to the organization's financial ruin. Summoning a glider, Cardiac makes his escape despite Spider-Man's failed attempt to tag him with a spider-tracer. While back ashore, Eddie Brock climbs out of the waters. With his symbiote enveloping his entire body, he becomes Venom once more.In the dead of night, Sly Fenster is pulling confidential reports from The Daily Globe database. Catching the reflection of large eyes and a toothy grin on the screen he wheels around to find Venom hanging from a web above him. Stating how he had always assumed Sly hadn't held his position as a reporter in the same reverence as he (Brock) once had, Venom webs up Sly's face and begins to trawl the database for any experiments which may be of help in his quest for "justice". Settling on one, Venom returns his attention to Sly only to find he has suffocated. Despite his dislike for the man, Venom apologizes that his death held no glory - which will not be the case when he kills Spider-Man.Having heard of Brock's recent escape, Peter is desperately attempting to get MJ on a train so she can lay low at her sisters. She is indignant but eventually, Peter persuades her, though she still hates the idea of leaving Peter alone against the mad-man. Making his way back through Soho, Peter runs into Flash Thompson and Felicia Hardy, who ask if he wants to hang-out. Knowing this will only place them in more imminent danger, Peter tells them he has work to do at the university. Though Felicia offers her help, he tells her that its something he has to handle alone. Musing on his history with Venom, Peter goes for a coffee - only to find Brock waiting for him on the next seat. The two leave the café and Brock explains that the cancer that Styx induced in the symbiote merely placed it into a coma while it battled the malady. When it fought off the illness it returned for him, and Parker knows why. Peter leads them to an alleyway - if he must fight, there should be as few casualties as possible. Suddenly a gun-wielding man steps from the shadows and demands their money, and threatens to shoot Peter for his meager $30, to which Brock responds by throwing the guy against the wall, informing the man that no-one has that right but Him. The man faints and he is released, all for the best Brock decides - too many have died already, but none as deserving as Spider-Man. He realizes that he is now alone in the alley, but no matter - he is patient and it's a small world...Above, Peter is ashamed of his decision to hide - its time he found a way to permanently put Venom out of commission.Awaking the following morning in a run-down hotel, Peter checks his phone messages. Professor Swan from the university called to inform him that there has been a breakthrough in cryogenics at Moleed Labs, who can now successfully and safely quick-freeze a human, and would he be interested in hearing his input having read his published paper on the subject. The other message is from Brock; wishing him a good nights sleep. Slamming the receiver down, Peter puts two-and-two together...Spider-Man swings through the Bronx, the quickest route to Moleed Labs (and, he dwells, the first place he met Venom), while an unseen Venom peruses. Venom punches Spidey in the face with a cry of "TAG!", sending him tumbling into a wall. Spidey tries to regain himself, but Venom is already launching the second blow from above him. Spider-Man grips the wall to slow the fall and waits for the next attack, ducking out the way as Venom's fists land and quickly following up by kicking him from his perch whilst his balance is off. Venom crashes into a water tower, admittedly impressed by the spider's underhanded strike. Hoping Venom is now in a blind enough fury to simply peruse without the games, Spider-Man continues his way to the lab, speeding up as he notices his quarry gaining. Confused as to why his spider-sense has activated when the symbiote doesn't trigger it, he narrowly avoids the steel girder that Venom threw from the construction site below, causing him to lose hold of his webline. Angling himself, he lands safely on the wall of the Bronx zoo, only to have Venom barrel-roll him through it instantly, which breaks the bars of the lion cage behind it. Venom saves the crowd by webbing up the cat and resumes the chase. Realising he'll not survive long enough to get Venom to the lab, Spidey decides its time to take the offensive. As Venom swings under a Brooklyn Bridge arch, Spider-Man leaps from his hiding place and landing a blow on his face that sends Venom crashing into a support cable. He quickly regains himself, no longer willing to waste time with games.Spider-Man arrives at a deserted Moleed Labs, hoping he didn't lose Venom - who then tackles him through the door. Not waiting for Venom to regain himself, Spidey runs off in search of the cryo-labs, eventually finding a man who points him in the right direction. Spidey thanks him and sets off, the man telling him to think nothing of it as the symbiote's disguise peels away. Spider-Man sees the door to the control center (assuming that the controls on the outside must be for auxiliary power) and swings inside - only to find the room is empty. The door slams shut behind him, and Venom observes his captured foe from the viewing window while discarding the makeshift sign that covered the door's "Danger: Cryogenic Chamber" warning. As Spider-Man becomes increasingly immobile with cold, Venom explains that he read that this installation has since been closed down due to budget constraints and that it was He who made Professor Swan call Parker. The horror seeps in, and Venom concludes that he knew Spidey would take the bait. "Yesterday, we told that mugger you were ours! And now you are!".Spider-Man awakes on a tropical beach. Venom hops down from his web among the trees and informs the web-spinner that as all their past battles have often been interrupted by others. He has decided to bring the pair of them, via a chartered plane, to a tropical island that had deserted since a mining disaster in the 40's. It is the ideal battle-ground and "what better place to die". Spider-Man seizes opportunity to web up Venom's face and make a break for it, running into the jungle. Swinging down to a lake he tries to gather his thoughts - assuming that Eddie Brock would have researched this place beforehand to ensure he knew the turf to gain an instant advantage. These thoughts are realised as he gazed down into the water to see a toothy smile and large white eyes staring back at him.Meanwhile in Pittsburgh, Mary Jane is in hiding at her sisters; standing on the porch watching her nephews playing in the snow and worrying about Peter. One of the boys throws a snowball at her and she explodes in their faces. Instantly regretting loosing her temper she apologises and helps them to finish their snowman.Back in the jungle, Venom has dragged Spider-Man into the depths. Although it's a new trick, Spidey is beating himself up (though Venom isn't doing too bad a job either) for not anticipating the symbiote's ability to emulate different textures and colours. He grabs a sunken branch and smashes it into Venom's face, rushing to the surface and heading deeper inland. Venom emerges from the water, licking the blood from his broken-toothed mouth. Spider-Man comes across the old mining village (complete with grave-yard), and takes the time he has to set a few snare traps using the methods Flash Thompson once taught him. Traps set, he decides to let Venom find him rather than trekking out himself - then realises that it's always Venom that finds him. Directly behind him, his hunter emerges from his camouflage among the trees.The blow sends Spider-Man sprawling but he is straight back on his feet with Venom hot on his trail. Knowing that Venom isn't as nimble as he is, web-slinger keeps on foot, also full in the knowledge that whereas he will jump an innocent mound of dirt, Venom would instead plough straight through it - and he does. The trap springs and Venom is hoisted into the air by the snare. Masked hero uses the symbiote's momentary confusion to wrench a door free and shatter it around Venom's head. However this does little good as Venom, unphased, sprays webbing into web-slinger's face and frees himself. Vision restored, Spider-Man attempt to gain ground and swings away, narrowly missing the jeep hurled at him but loosing his hold on the web-line. The jeep crashes through the ground with Spider-Man right behind it, finding himself in a mine shaft. He can smell gas and realises what caused the mining disaster. Not wanting to suffocate he turns back to the hole, to find Venom perched above him.New York: Felicia Hardy slams down the telephone having again failed to reach Peter. Flash tells her to get a move on before they miss the concert. She declines, telling him she isn't feeling well, and when he persists she snaps back at him. It dawns on her that she still has feelings for Peter, but she loves (or at least, she thinks she does) Flash. Grabbing her coat and telling Flash to wait up, she apologises to Spidey that he's on his own.Spider-Man webs the support beams and yanks Venom down into the pit, leaping out as his foe falls. Smelling the gas but not registering it as such, Venom promises to eat the spider's lungs for that one. Back at the shore, Spider-Man removes one of his web cartridges before he uses up the last of his web fluid. He spots a ship on the horizon and makes a break for the ocean, but suddenly tendrils of symbiote burst from the sand and ensnare him. The tentacles begin dragging the wall-crawler back towards the jungle mouth where Brock stands half-clad in the symbiote. Firing a web at the tree behind Brock, Spider-Man launches himself into his foe's gut and sending him crashing into a tree. Dusk is setting as he heads back into the foliage.At her home in Queens, Aunt May is worried that Peter and Mary Jane hasn't answered the phone all day. Willie assures her that Pete's a grown man with his own life to lead - and so does she. The two settle down to the TV, all worries of her nephew forgotten.Skulking around the graveyard, Spider-Man sinks his foot into a shallow grave, unnerved further by the skull grinning back at him, he looks towards the jungle and sees a light glowing in its depths. Hoping against hope that it may be someone else on the island that can help him, he finds Brock seated by a fire: the symbiote keeping guard behind him. Despairing, he realises that the only thing that will ever keep Venom from coming for him is his death...and that gives him an idea.One hour passes, when Brocks log-fire is webbed away and disappears off into the darkness. Thinking that the wall-crawler is going to use the flame against the symbiote somehow (one of its weaknesses) Venom peruses the fleeing light. Spider-Man is using Venom's rage against him, using the insanity it produces against him, and preying that he continues to react instead of reason (and that these reactions are consistent with his past behaviour). Spidey uses the last of his webbing to create a net, which Venom becomes tangled in. Maddened to insanity, Venom rips himself free, grabbing a van next to him and hurling it at the light in the distance. The light disappears, followed by a gigantic explosion. Venom pieces it together: the mine; the gas; the flame...he grins widely.The following morning once the flames have dies down, Venom crouches among the ash holding a charred skeleton, clad in to remaining tatters of a Spider-Man's costume - a melted web-shooter attached to one arm. Breaking off the skull, Brock laughs and the symbiote slips back, morphing into bathing suit. Far out to sea, Peter is making a break for another passing ship. Their foe dead Eddie and the symbiote agree there is no longer any need for Venom to exist and that they shall remain on the island indefinitely. Gazing at the island form the boat, Peter shares a thought with Brock - finally he knows what it is to be free.After publicly joining the Avengers, the Sandman shows off to the neighborhood children on Coney Island. He is called back into the Cassada house where he has been renting a room for months. Rosa Cassada tells William that she has the unfortunate task to ask him to leave, explaining that the media attention hasn't given her family a moments rest. She tells him that she and her family deserve a normal life, something that the Sandman can understand. Going to the front door, he tries to scare away the press but realizes that it won't stop as long as he lives here. Dissolving into sand mode, the reformed villain slips away. Although his life on the straight and narrow has been difficult, he is still proud to be a member of the Avengers, even though he is only on the reserves. While in Soho, Peter Parker complains to his wife about just the same thing, as his wife prepares for her daily shoot on the set of "Secret Hospital". Mary Jane barely registers his complaints as she gets ready and heads out. Needing to blow some steam off, Peter changes into Spider-Man goes web-slinging. He thinks about his recent brush with death battling Venom and wonders if he is suffering from some kind of post-traumatic stress.Since Mary Jane has moved on with her life, Peter figures he should try to do the same thing and heads for the Daily Bugle. There, he approaches J. Jonah Jameson for some work, but Jameson is too busy to talk to him. That's when Peter is tipped off by Ben Urich that there is a strange shipment coming in through the Brooklyn Trainyards this afternoon. Peter thanks Ben for the tip and decides to go and see if there is something worth taking pictures of. While in Brooklyn, the Sandman is approached by a concerned citizen who tells him that he saw some men in camouflage loading weapons into the back of a truck. The Sandman goes to the address given to him, and he overhears how the men are intending to rob a shipment of radioactive materials to sell to terrorists and decides to do something about it. While at Empire State University, Peter considers getting in touch with the Avengers. When he walks into class, he is surprised to see it is filled with international students. Professor Swann tells Peter that the lab has been put on loan for the day. With nowhere else to go to get his minds off things, Peter decides to check out that lead that was given to him by Ben Urich. At that same moment, Sandman frightens a kid selling counterfeit watches on a street corner so he can get a quarter and use a pay phone to call the Avengers. When Spider-Man arrives at the rail yard, his spider-sense begins to go off just as another train pulls up next to the government train. As he starts taking pictures, he suddenly notices the Sandman leaping onto the scene to warn the American soldiers about the attempted theft. With their cover blown, the mercenaries deploy their helicopters and troops to steal the radioactive materials. The military troops are soon knocked out by has, but Sandman is able to slip past. He is joined by Spider-Man in taking out the mercenaries. During the battle, one of the helicopters makes away with a tanker of toxic waste. That's when the Vision, Thor, Sersi, Quasar, the Black Widow, Captain America, and She-Hulk of the Avengers arrive on the scene. Captain America tosses his shield out of their Quinjet cutting through the cables holding the radioactive materials. As Thor slows its fall, it is caught by She-Hulk. When the chopper tries to fire missiles at the heroes, Quasar deflects the warheads with his Quantum Bands. Sersi then uses her powers to transmute the helicopter into glass. In the aftermath of the battle, while Captain America commends Sandman for his work, he reminds him that the Avengers are chartered to deal with global threats only. Before Cap can explain anything further, Sandman jumps to the conclusion that he is being asked to resign from the Avengers and storms off. However, Captain America only wanted to tell him to be more careful next time. Sersi tries to console Captain America by telling him that the Sandman will come to his senses sooner or later. Unfortunately, that may not be the case as the Sandman begins considering going back into crime again. After dropping his photos off at the Daily Bugle, Peter returns home that evening to find Mary Jane asleep in bed. He feels bitter because he isn't getting the attention from her he needs. As he thinks this, Mary Jane briefly wakes up and says that she missed him and snuggles up. Looking at his wife, Peter realizes that he has been an idiot for thinking his wife was neglecting his needs. This gets him thinking about the Sandman who doesn't have the benefits that he does. Meanwhile, the Black Fox has returned to New York aboard a cruise ship. As he disembarks, one of his fellow passengers trips as she walks off the ship. The Fox catches her and secretly palms a gold broach she is wearing. He figures this stolen property will help finance what he needs for his planned jewel heist.The Black Fox is back in New York City to commit yet another heist. He breaks into the penthouse apartment of Robert Chalmers who is off on a safari. After he disables the security system, the Black Fox finds this the ideal place to stay, especially since Robert's brother, Roy, bears a striking resemblance to the Black Fox. The next day, he cements his ruse by convincing the landlord and the building staff that Robert Chalmers died in an accident and as his "brother" he is the executor of Robert's will. This allows him to secure the location so he can plan his heist.The next morning, Spider-Man catches a purse snatcher on his way home. He is disappointed that the incident happened so quickly that he didn't get a chance to set up his camera to take pictures. However, he at least has an assignment to photograph the Trask Diamond. He arrives back home to discover his wife Mary Jane is hope. She tells him that she wanted to surprise him, knowing that she hasn't been as present and Peter is still dealing with his recent battle with Venom. With 20 minutes to spare before she has to go back to the studio for taping, the couple decides to take advantage of the situation for a little romance. Meanwhile, at JFK International Airport, air traffic control is in an uproar when they have to allow a priority landing for a state aircraft owned by the Latverian government.At that moment in Midtown Manhattan, the Black Fox uses his false credentials to sell a number of jewels stolen in Europe to a fence to further fund his new heist. The next day, at the Trask Center, Raymond Trask unveils the Trask Diamond. Among those in the audience is Peter Parker who is taking photos of the event for Kim Drunter, the finance reporter for the Daily Bugle. While Trask continues to boast to the audience, elsewhere in the building, the Black Fox sneaks inside through the vents and knocks out the security guards on his way to the Trask Diamond. Using the devices he purchased with his fence money, the Black Fox is able to steal the diamond right in front of the entire audience. Peter tells Kim to call this into the Bugle while he goes to find out what's going on. Peter is about to slip to change into Spider-Man when he spots the Black Fox trying to sneak out disguised as a security guard. After changing into costume, Spider-Man catches the Black Fox as he is changing out of his disguise in a back alley. Caught red-handed, the Black Fox begs Spider-Man not to send him to prison because he is an old man. Wondering why he keeps on going easy against the Black Fox, the wall-crawler agrees, agreeing to let the elderly thief go if he hands over the diamond and promises to leave town. The Black Fox appears to comply, but as he runs off instead, Spider-Man tags him with a spider-tracer to keep tabs on him. That evening at the Latverian embassy, one of the staff reports that the man they are searching for has been located and they will capture him in a matter of hours. He is told he has an hour to complete this task or face death.While in Soho, Peter Parker is too preoccupied to sleep. He tells Mary Jane about how he keeps letting the Black Fox go and wonders why. When Mary Jane tells him to come back to bed, Peter tells her he can't go to sleep until he does something. Changing into Spider-Man he goes out to look for the Black Fox. Eventually, he locates him and follows the thief as he drives to an abandoned resort on Long Island. There he meets with the members of a Japanese gang to turn over the diamond. The exchange is interrupted by Spider-Man and begins trouncing the gangsters. The Black Fox and their leader find themselves in a stand-off for the exchange of goods. Unfortunately, Spider-Man uses his webbing to snap open the mobster's briefcase causing the money to get caught up in the wind kicked up by his escape helicopter. The Black Fox tries to flee again, but Spider-Man is still able to follow him thanks to his spider-tracer. Cornering him in an indoor pool, Spider-Man is about to nab the Black Fox when they are interrupted by Doctor Doom who has come for the Black Fox as well.While trying to catch the Black Fox at an abandoned resort on Long Island, Spider-Man is interrupted by the arrival of Doctor Doom. Doom is after the Black Fox. When the wall-crawler demands to know why the monarch of Latveria would want with a cat burglar like the Black Fox, Doom refuses to explain himself and blasts Spider-Man away. He then corners the Black Fox and demands that he turn over the diamond known as the Dragon's Egg. The Black Fox plays dumb, but Doctor Doom knows that the Black Fox stole the emerald while it was on loan to the Monaco Museum. The Black Fox then tries to explain to Doom that he already sold the diamond. Before Doom can harm the old man, Spider-Man ambushes him from behind. While the wall-crawler is busy deflecting Doctor Doom's finger blasts, the Black Fox manages to escape. Spider-Man, meanwhile, is knocked out. When he regains consciousness he finds that Doctor Doom has been waiting for him to wake up. Doom tells Spider-Man that he is going to die because the Dragon's Egg was a powerful emerald owned by his mother, a powerful sorceress. Doom goes on to say that this treasured heirloom from his mother was kept with the Latverian crown jewels and it's inclusion at the Monaco display was an error. Since Spider-Man interfered with his attempt to regain the stolen jewel, the monarch of Latveria intends to see the masked hero dead. His opening salvo strikes a gas operated stove causing a massive explosion. Disorientated by the blast, Spider-Man tries to get to safety, but Doom easily catches up to him. Realizing that he is no match for Doom, Spider-Man tries to flee and takes more of a beating.Managing to get outside, Spider-Man hears police sirens arriving on the scene. Knowing that Doom wants to keep the recovery of the jewel a personal affair, the wall-crawler convinces him that it will become incredibly public when the authorities and the press have arrived on the scene. He then convinces Doom to give him 24 hours to recover the diamond. Although Spider-Man is grateful to have survived the experience, he wonders if this is merely a stay of execution. Meanwhile, the Black Fox returns to his hideout and decides the past course of action is to use the Trask Diamond in order to recover the Dragon's Egg, but decides to get some rest first. The next morning, Peter Parker wakes up dazed and confused. Mary Jane is worried about him, but Peter assures her that she should go to work and he'll be fine. When Mary Jane is gone, Peter gets out of bed to get on with his day, however, he feels incredibly dizzy and decides against going out as Spider-Man. Meanwhile, uptown, the Black Fox arrives at his fence's office and discovers that he has already sold the Dragon's Egg. The fence refuses to reveal who he sold it too, until the Black Fox agrees to give all the money he has on him. Later, Peter Parker gets off the bus on his way to Empire State University. He is shocked to discover his Uncle Ben is standing there waiting for him. When Peter points out that his Uncle is dead, Ben tells him that he can't let something like death keep him from being there for Peter. Peter admits that he needs advice because he keeps on letting the Black Fox get away because the elderly thief somehow reminds him of his uncle. Ben reminds Peter of how he and Peter's Aunt May raised him after Peter's parents died. He then recounts how Peter was bitten by a radioactive spider, and let fame get to his head. By allowing a burglar to run free, Peter signed the death warrant for Ben when that same burglar later tried to rob the Parker home. Ben explains that since then he has worked to atone for the death of Uncle Ben. Ben also points out that this also has made Peter seek the approval to elderly men like the Black Fox and Dominic Fortune. Ben concludes by reminding Peter that the Black Fox is a crook and he has no reason to get his approval. When Peter arrives at Empire State University, he is convinced that he is really talking to hus Uncle Ben and tries to introduce his "uncle" to Professor Swann and his assistant before suddenly passing out.Meanwhile, at the Latverian Embassy, Doctor Doom waits in his office counting down the hours Spider-Man has left to recover the Dragon's Egg. Later, at the Blessing Hospital, Peter Parker wakes up and is told by the doctors that he has suffered a concussion. Although the doctor and Mary Jane insist that Peter stay overnight for observation, Peter refuses, telling them that he has so much to do. When Peter and Mary Jane return home, he insists that he has to bring the Black Fox to justice, explaining that even though the appearance of Uncle Ben was probably a hallucination, what it had to say made sense. Mary Jane tries to understand, but after his injury, she thinks that he is committing suicide. Later, the Black Fox floors it over to New Jersey after spending the day to get the equipment he needs to get the Dragon's Egg back, unaware that Spider-Man has hitched a ride on the back of his car. He soon arrives at the mansion owned by reclusive millionaire Andrew Carpathian. As Black Fox sneaks past the guards and security system he continues to remain unaware that he is also clearing a way for Spider-Man as well.Unknown to them at this time, Andrew Carpathian is a direct descendant of Ambros Carpathian, an occultist who attempted to mystically control a swarm of carnivorous insects. He tells his followers, the Arcane Order of the Night, how the swarm was released and disposed of recently by Spider-Man, the Avengers and the Outlaws. However, using the Dragon's Egg as a power source, they have developed a device to bring the swarm back to Earth. Both Spider-Man and the Black Fox overhear this and agree to work together to prevent this from happening. The pair leap through the skylight. While they are busy fighting the cultists, Andrew activates the device. Suddenly, Doctor Doom comes crashing through the wall, coming to recover his jewel and nothing more. Dodging the flying bullet, Spider-Man manages to swing up and snatch the Dragon's Egg from the device, saving the Earth. With the cultists fleeing the scene, Spider-Man returns the Dragon's Egg to Doctor Doom. Still, the monarch of Latveria demands a suitable punishment for the Black Fox. Since he has agreed to spare the thief's life, he takes the Trask Diamond and crushes it to worthless powder. After Doctor Doom leaves, the Black Fox once again tries to convince Spider-Man to let him go. However, Spider-Man is not falling for it this time, thinking of the advice given to him earlier by "Uncle Ben", Spider-Man takes the Black Fox into custody.After a number of hard-won battles, Spider-Man swings across the city looking forward to the peace of his science classes at Empire State University. En route, his spider-sense begins to go off and he narrowly avoids a collision with Nova who is speeding by. Nova is thinking about how he had a recent fender bender with a delivery truck. Noticing that the driver was in a hurry to go and was carrying a gun, he followed him as Nova and later saw it pulling up to the building that was that was wrecked due to artificial Vibranium. When he arrives at the scene, he catches the driver and some men trying to offload weapons and other technology from the building. Spotting the hero, one of the men open fire with a weapon that launches rubber batons. That's when Spider-Man intervenes and begins webbing up the thieves. Unfortunately, the two heroes are felled thanks to a sonic grenade, allowing the crooks to make their escape, but not before Spider-Man can tag their truck with a spider-tracer. Webbing up the sonic grenade, it lessens its strength long enough for Nova to smash it. Nova is upset that Spider-Man interfered, telling the wall-crawler that he could have handled the situation on his own. Unphased by this, Spider-Man takes off to see if he can track down the crooks. As Nova recovers from the sonic grenade, he realizes he was more mad at himself than Spider-Man as he has just recently started using his powers again and he is still out of practice. Unfortunately, the crooks managed to get out of range, and Spider-Man is unable to pick up his spider-tracer. The wall-crawler beats himself up over failing to stop them, remembering the facility as he was involved in the incident with Roxxon's unstable artificial Vibranium. At Empire State University, Spider-Man spots Carlos Munoz, the grad student who assisted Roxxon on the experiments. Recognizing him as one of the thieves, he demands answers. Carlos explains that he wanted to find out what went wrong with Nuform and was hired by someone to steal a supply of Antarctic Vibranium, sealing it in a container that shields its metal melting properties. Dumping Carlos in a nearby bush, Spider-Man fears what sort of damage the Antarctic Vibranium if it ends up in the wrong hands. However, with no leads to go on, Spider-Man has to return home as he has social engagements to undertake. Back at his Soho apartment, he and his wife Mary Jane get ready to go visit Aunt May. Mary Jane reminds him that they also agreed to go out clubbing with some friends.After a filling dinner at Aunt May's, Peter and Mary Jane leave for their next engagement. Mary Jane is upset that Peter has been preoccupied all night, and Peter admits that he can't stop thinking about the Antarctic Vibranium. As Mary Jane tries to convince Peter that he can't be Spider-Man all the time. Her wears fall on deaf ears when Peter spots Nova flying across the sky again and insists that he needs to go and help. This angers Mary Jane and she storms off, telling Peter to go and play hero. Watching his wife storms off, Peter remembers that something has been bugging Mary Jane for weeks, but she hasn't explained what it is. Figuring the harm was already done, and the changes into Spider-Man and catches up with Nova. Although Nova is reluctant to work with Spider-Man after the wall-crawler explains that he tagged the truck with a spider-tracer and it had New Jersey plates, he agrees to assist. With Nova's flying speed, he takes Spider-Man over to New Jersey where they canvas the area searching for the spider-tracer's signal. Eventually, Spider-Man picks up the signal and they follow it to the base of a mountain where the entrance with a secret complex. Curious as to what is going on, the two fly to the back of the mountain where they find an air shaft.Breaking into the ventilation system, Spider-Man leads Nova through the security systems in the vents thanks to his spider-sense. Eventually, they come to a fork in the system and they split up. Eventually, Spider-Man reaches another vent and looks through. There he sees a massive complex where a city is being built. Much to his surprise, the secret underground city is being protected by the Tri-Sentinel. Spider-Man doesn't like the look of things since the giant robot is the work of Loki's magic merging three Sentinels into one during the Acts of Vengeance conspiracy and how it took the power of Captain Univers to stop him. While in the other shaft, Nova comes upon a lab where he overhears two of the scientists behind this operation discussing a demonstration to their customers, whom they are selling the possibility of survival. When they leave the lab, Nova decides to snoop around but triggers a silent alarm in the process, and he is soon surrounded by guards. When they order Nova to surrender, he flies through the ceiling instead.This prompts the alarms to go off, leaving Spider-Man to wonder if he or Nova set them off. He is quickly spotted by guards who arrive on the scene, forcing Spider-Man to take the defensive. Elsewhere in the facility, Nova fends off against an army of guards until he is incapacitated by an electrified net. While back in the massive chamber, Spider-Man fights off the other guards until he is ordered to stand down or else Nova will be killed. Spider-Man is surprised to see that the man giving the orders is none other than Carleton Drake the leader of the Life Foundation. Suddenly, the whole situation makes sense, as Drake and his Foundation have been building doomsday shelters for the filthy rich in the past. Spider-Man warns him against using the Tri-Sentinel as it is too dangerous to control. Drake scoffs at this, explaining that his organization recovered the remains of the Tri-Sentinel from the site of its destruction. As Sentinels have auto-repair functions, they worked on reassembling the robot for their own ends. As a fail-safe, he had implanted the container of Antarctic Vibranium inside the robot's head to destroy its computers in case it becomes impossible to control.Deciding to show that the Tri-Sentinel is no threat to himself or his customers, Drake activates the Tri-Sentinel and sets it to attack Spider-Man. However, the moment the Tri-Sentinal is reactivated, it disregards its new orders to follow the original directives given to it by Loki: To destroy the planet Earth. The Tri-Sentinel then begins to go on a rampage through the facility. Carlton Drake tries to regain control or activate the failsafe but his remote control is ineffective. As the robot blasts its way out of the mountain, Spider-Man decides to stop it even though he doesn't have the cosmic powers that allowed him to destroy the robot previously. As Spider-Man struggles against the robot, Nova wakes up and breaks free from his bonds. While Nova distracts the Tri-Sentinel, Spider-Man breaks open the access panel into the robot's head. However, as he tries to gain access it traps him with a force bubble. As Nova is wrapped up in the Tri-Sentinel's coils, Spider-Man is sprayed with knock out gas. As he passes out, he kicks himself for not listening to Mary Jane.While investigating a Life Foundation facility in New Jersey, Spider-Man and Nova had discovered that Carlton Drake rebuilt the Tri-Sentinel. When the massive robot was activated, it ignored its new directives to follow out those originally programmed by Loki, destruction of the Earth. Their attempts to stop the Tri-Sentinel so far have failed. Nova has been wrapped up in the robot's wrist coils while Spider-Man attempted to get inside the Tri-Sentinel's head and activate a fail-safe that the Life Foundation had installed. Unfortunately for the wall-crawler, a force cylinder closed around him and began filling with gas. As the cylinder runs from the ceiling to the floor, Spider-Man figures the best way out is to smash his way through the floor to try and get at the container that contains Antartic Vibranium. However, down below, the web-slinger is surprised when the components of the Tri-Sentinel begin attacking him. While outside, Nova has broken free, but it knocked aside by the Tri-Sentinel. With the immediate threat dealt with, the robot then flies off. Watching this, Carlton Drake orders his staff to destroy all the data they have on their mountain bunker and abandon the facility so nothing can be tied back to the Life Foundation. Watching the Tri-Sentinel fly away, Carlton Drake is furious that his business operations were interfered with by Spider-Man for the second time. Meanwhile, Nova has recovered from the Tri-Sentinel's blow and remembers that Spider-Man is still inside the robot. He takes off after the Tri-Sentinel in the hopes of saving Spider-Man, but he grimly fears the worst. Inside the Tri-Sentinel, Spider-Man makes his way to the abdomen area of the robot where the central processing unit is stored. He hopes to tamper with the robot's programming in order to slow down its approach to a Long Island nuclear plant. Unfortunately, the Tri-Sentinel anticipates this and constrains Spider-Man in some coils. However, the Tri-Sentinel does decide to land and continue the rest of the way on foot. By this point, Nova manages to catch up to the Tri-Sentinel. Detecting his presence, the robot blasts Nova with its eye beams. Nova is surprised that the beams from the robot actually hurt. Back inside, Spider-Man tries to break free from the coils, but the combination of technology and magic make them even more durable. Restrained by the coils, Spider-Man helplessly watches as the bolts in a nearby wall begin shaking loose.Back at the Life Foundation facility, Carlton Drake is informed by one of his guards that one of the demonstration discs that detail the facility to potential buyers has been missing and that they were stored in the room where Nova was captured. Deducing that Nova has the disc, he orders a tactical team out to either reclaim or destroy the disc. While en route to Long Island, Nova is forced to cease attacking the Tri-Sentinel in order to save a couple who happen to be in the robot's path. Inside, manages to shift his body enough that when the rivets shoot off the wall at him, they hit the coils, breaking him free in the process. As Spider-Man fights his way down to the CPU, Nova continues to follow after the robot as it approaches Manhattan. However, he is soon ambushed by a Life Foundation ship. Nova decides to use this to his advantage and flies so fast that he makes the ship blast the Tri-Sentinel by mistake. As expected, the Sentinel deflects the blast and turns its attention to the ship. The ship flies out of the way. It then manages to hit Nova with a magnetic blast. The blast is so powerful, it goes past the hero and also strikes the Tri-Sentinel, causing it to stop in its tracks. Realizing that they found a weakness, he takes control of the ship and orders its crew to continue blasting the Tri-Sentinel.Inside, Spider-Man notices that something has stopped the Sentinel. Knowing that it will eventually adapt an immunity to this attack, he needs to act quickly. Ripping his way up through the ceiling, he gets into the chamber where the container of Antarctic Vibranium has been stored. Although the Tri-Sentinel tries to seal Spider-Man in another force bubble, it is a second too late allowing Spider-Man to open the container. With the Antarctic Vibranium released, it's rays begin melting down the Tri-Sentinel. Realizing that he could be hurt by the rays as well he makes a run for it. The wall-crawler just barely makes it out as the Tri-Sentinel uses all its power to destroy the Vibranium. However, the only thing the Tri-Sentinel succeeds in doing is obliterating itself. In the aftermath of the battle, Nova reveals the data disc but has determined that it had been erased by the magnetic beams from the Life Foundation ship. He blames himself for not telling Spider-Man about it sooner or hiding it somewhere safe. Spider-Man tells Nova not to feel bad about it as heroes make mistakes. Nova feels better, admits that since joining the New Warriors he is learning more about being a team player. He thinks that he should start applying this to other aspects of his life, including friends like Spider-Man.In a secret underground bunker, members of the Secret Empire observe their latest recruit, the cyborg known as Midnight, as he fends off a number of armed martial artists. Satisfied with the demonstration Number Seven orders Midnight to stand down. Midnight is also satisfied with his new cybernetic body. Removing his mask, he identifies himself as Jeff Wilde. Number Seven reminds Wilde that he will only be known as Midnight from now on. Seven finds it interested to see that Wilde is complying without their use of a pain-inducing implant, especially since Number Seven was the one responsible for almost killing Jeff Wilde and rebuilding him as a cyborg. He is pleased that he managed to convince Midnight that the Secret Empire has kept up with the times so that it would be considered a viable threat much like its terrorist counterparts in Hydra and Advanced Idea Mechanics. He created Midnight in response to the growing number of superheroes that have appeared on the scene, and particularly since the Empire's last operation was foiled by Moon Knight, the Punisher and Spider-Man. With everything in order, the Secret Empire inform Midnight that his first mission is to break Elliot Franklin, a criminal physicist out of prison in Queens.Meanwhile, in Queens, Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane have come to visit Peter's Aunt May. In the middle of their visit, Aunt May realizes that she is missing her television show and, much to everyone's surprise, it is a wrestling match that May is watching. Peter decides to take this opportunity to walk through the old neighborhood and leaves Mary Jane to keep May company. Once out of the house, Peter quickly changes into Spider-Man and goes swinging through the neighborhood. He soon comes upon the place where he and Darkhawk had recently battled Hobgoblin. The wall-crawler can't help but think that the novice hero is the same age, if not younger than he was when first became Spider-Man. Recalling how confused Darkhawk seemed, Spider-Man still wonders what was bothering the hero.At that moment at a nearby police station, Chris Powell has come to empty out his father's desk. He thinks about how a few weeks ago he followed his father to a nearby amusement park and witnessed him taking money from Philippe Bazin, a notorious mobster. Unsure if his father was taking a payoff or something, he did discover a mysterious crystal. Upon touching it, Chris Powell became Darkhawk for the first time. There he is greeted by Officer Jimmy Zafar, who tells Chris that the department hasn't had a chance to go through his father's desk for clues to explain his recent disappearance. Chris finds that he doesn't want to talk about the elephant in the room, the possibility that his father was a dirty cop. So when he sees some officers in tactical gear, he asks what it is all about. Officer Zafar explains that they are preparing to transfer Elliot Franklin to the Vault. Suddenly, Midnight comes crashing through the wall and begins fighting his way through the police officers. Witnessing officers getting killed by the cyborg, Chris finds a secluded spot to change into Darkhawk. Meanwhile, Elliot Franklin sits in his cell thinking about how easy it could be to break out of his cell if he still had his powers. Soon, Midnight breaks him out of his cell and tries to escape, only to be ambushed by Darkhawk.Watching this scene unfold are operatives of the Secret Empire are told to stand back and see how Midnight operates against Darkhawk. As Midnight battles the novice hero, Darkhawk is forced on the defensive. At that moment in the Bronx, the Punisher is demanding answers of a drug dealer regarding the Secret Empire's connection to the local influx of drugs. The dealer tries to play dumb, but the Punisher recognizes the Secret Empire insignia ring he is wearing. After roughing him up a bit, the dealer caves and tells him about the Empire's plans to break Elliot Franklin out of jail to exploit his weapons expertise. Thanking the thug for the information, the Punisher decides to spare him to use for more information later. However, the drug dealer tries to shoot the Punisher from behind. Anticipating this, the vigilante manages to quickly turn around and shoot the dealer dead. Back in Queens, the battle between Midnight and Darkhawk rages on. Hearing the commotion, Spider-Man arrives on the scene. After he sets up his camera, he decides to swing down and lend Darkhawk a hand. At that moment, the Secret Empire operatives determine that Midnight is faltering and fly in to assist. Spider-Man leaps in as well. The battle takes a turn when innocent bystanders are threatened by an out of control Secret Empire flying platform. Ultimately, Spider-Man and Darkhawk take control of the situation and eventually pin Midnight to the wall. When Spider-Man pulls off Midnight's mask he is shocked by the mostly cybernetic fact that looks back at him. When Midnight refers to himself by name, Spider-Man remembers him as Moon Knights sidekick who was seemingly killed during their last clash with the Secret Empire.Wilde explains that he survived, and while Moon Knight left him for dead, Jeff was taken in by the Secret Empire and rebuilt him as a cyborg. When this starts reminding Darkhawk of his father, it weakens his concentration, forcing him to drop his forcefield. Before Spider-Man can get him to refocus his attention, he is struck from behind by Elliot Franklin. This allows Midnight to get past Darkhawk. The pair then flee, but not before Spider-Man tags Midnight with a spider-tracer. Before the two heroes can follow after Midnight and Franklin, Midnight grabs one of the fleeing Empire soldiers from his flying platform sending it speeding toward the crowd.Following their battle with Midnight, Spider-Man and Darkhawk watch as a Secret Empire flying platform head towards a group of innocent bystanders. Quick thinking, Darkhawk tells Spider-Man to throw him in the direction of the craft and uses the extra momentum combined with his gliders to catch the craft and redirects it to a nearby building. When it crashes, it drops debris on the crowd below. However, before they can get harmed, Spier-Man swoops in and catches the debris in webbing. Darkhawk blames himself for not thinking his plan through. Spider-Man tells him not to be so hard on himself as his instincts were in the right place, even though his execution was sloppy. Going up to the rooftops, Spider-Man asks Darkhawk why his force field faltered when they had Midnight pinned. Darkhawk explains that Midnight's accusations of being abandoned by Moon Knight struck a chord with him. Spider-Man understands, but tells Darkhawk an abridged version of his origins, telling the young hero that and how his inaction to catch a crook led to the same crook murdering his Uncle Ben. Seeing that the wall-crawler is visibly upset, Darkhawk promises to take his speech about power and responsibility to heart. The two heroes part ways and Spider-Man feels that Darkhawk is going to be okay as a hero. When Peter recovers his camera and returns to his Aunt May's house, he discovers that both his aunt and wife Mary Jane lost track of time while he was out as Spider-Man. As Peter and Mary Jane leave, Mary Jane notices that Peter is in a somber mood, but knows her husband well enough not to press him to talk during one of these moods. The couple then goes to the Daily Bugle, where Peter drops off the photos of Spider-Man and Darkhawk's battle with the Secret Empire to Joe Robertson. When Peter finally tells the story to Mary Jane, she finally understands why Peter is in such a down mood. Peter points out that this particular battle hits close to home because both Darkhawk and Midnight are two sides of the same coin. That evening on the Upper West Side, Midnight and Elliot Franklin arrive at a nondescript dry cleaner that functions as the passageway to the Secret Empire's secret facility. They are greeted by Number Seven who is upset with the amount of attention that he drew to himself. Midnight is angry by this criticism, pointing out that he was able to hold his own against both Spider-Man and Darkhawk. He also points out that if Eliot Franklin is as good at weapon design as they say he is, Midnight will become even more powerful than ever before. Number Seven orders Midnight back to his room. Although the cyborg complies, he vows to make Number Seven pay for it later.Number Seven gives Franklin a tour of the facility and the various weapons they are developing for Midnight. Eliot points out that Midnight doesn't appear to be a team player and that any cyborg armies the Empire is looking to create may not be happy with the enhancements they intend to make. When Number Seven asks about recruiting former super-villains for augmentation, such as his former teammates in the Wrecking Crew. Eliot reminds them that he and his former allies no longer have their powers, and that super-villains are hard to control. He suggests that their best bet is to try and recruit young and impressionable super-heroes to join their cause. At first, he thought that the New Mutants would be useful candidates, but mutant is suspicious of humans. However, he points out another group of super-humans that might be ripe for manipulation, the New Warriors, and particularly the unfocused Nova. At this moment, Midnight is losing his temper in his quarters. That's when his nurse, Lynn Church, who insists that she has a legitimate concern for his well being. He expresses his anger over being left for dead by Moon Knight, the man who was also responsible for the death of his father. He has now vowed that he will destroy Moon Knight. Tossing a broken chair leg at the mirror, it shatters revealing a listening device hidden there. Having developed feelings for Lynn, he promises her that after he has destroyed Moon Knight, he will give her the whole world.Later, at the Punishers warehouse headquarters, his assistant Microchip reads the recent edition of the Daily Bugle. He radios the Punisher about Eliot Franklin's jailbreak by Midnight and his connection to the Secret Empire. The Punisher finds this interesting and tells Micro that he will look into it after he has eliminated a gang of drug dealers he had been stalking. With that, the Punisher leaps through a skylight into the warehouse below, gunning down the drug dealers where they stand. While at Avengers Headquarters, Spider-Man meets with Captain America in the hopes they can reach Moon Knight through their mutual connections with the Avengers. They are able to get in touch with Moon Knight through the Avengers ID card that he still carries. After hearing Spider-Man's news that Midnight is still alive, he tells the wall-crawler to keep in touch with him as he conducts his own search. Meanwhile, Nova is flying across the city when he is suddenly ambushed by Midnight. However, instead of looking for a fight, he begins trying to convince Nova to join the Secret Empire. By this time, Peter Parker has returned to his apartment and when Nova and Midnight fly by overhead the spider-tracer he planted on Midnight triggers his spider-sense. Peter quickly changes into Spider-Man and follows after the signal, much to the chagrin of Mary Jane. En route, Spider-Man contacts Moon Knight to tell him about spotting Midnight. Meanwhile, Nova counteracts Midnight's offer by pointing out the times that the Secret Empire attacked a police station and their recent attempt to launch a missile from an office building. Midnight explains that the Secret Empire works outside of the law for the good of mankind. Nova doesn't totally buy this but decides to play along. He agrees to see the Secret Empire's operations just as he is passing over the New Warrior's headquarters, activating the emergency communications channel in his helmet so Night Thrasher and the other Warriors can know what's going on. However, at that moment, Spider-Man attacks Midnight, leading to a fight. Inside the New Warrior's headquarters, all Night Thrasher hears is that Spider-Man is attacking his teammate.As Spider-Man defends himself from Midnight, Night Thrasher comes out to defend his teammate. However, seeing that Midnight is attacking his Spider-Man, a long time ally, it confirms to Nova that the Secret Empire is on the up and up. As Nova battles it out with Midnight, Moon Knight also arrives, lowering himself from his Moon-Copter by a rope ladder, and tries to convince Midnight to stand down. Instead, Midnight blasts the ladder, sending Moon Knight falling to the ground. The hero manages to lessen his fall by using his cape to glide down to the streets. Meanwhile, Midnight uses an electro-bolt to disrupt Nova's nervous system so he can abscond with the hero. After introducing Night Thrasher to Moon Knight, Spider-Man suggests that they pool their resources together to rescue Nova.Spider-Man, Moon Knight, and Night Thrasher are chasing Midnight after he captured Nova in order to try to recruit him into the Secret Empire. This chase is helped thanks to a spider-tracer that Spider-Man tagged on Midnight. En route, Midnight calls back to his employers in the Secret Empire and asks for assistance in getting the pursuing heroes off his trail. As he slips into a secret passage hidden in a water tower, unaware that he is being watched by the Punisher who has been investigating the Secret Empire's connection to the drug trade. The Punisher debates going in with guns blazing when he spots Moon Knight's Moon-Copter flying by. On board, Spider-Man's spider-sense tells the others that they are near where Midnight is hiding. Night Thrasher's helmet scanners pick up the Punisher's position and the three heroes leap down to confront him. Although they quickly determine that the Punisher wouldn't be in league with the Secret Empire, he is still unhappy to see them. That's because their sudden confrontation has given away Frank Castle's position. Suddenly, they are surrounded by the members of the Secret Empire. As the heroes go into action, the Punisher asks Night Thrasher is working with soft-hearted heroes. Hearing Spider-Man's quipping through the battle, Night Thrasher jokingly questions his judgment as well.While the Punisher is willing to use lethal force, Spider-Man is against this idea, wanting these foot soldiers to be alive to be questioned by the police. That's when Midnight leaps out of the secret entranceway and ambushed Moon Knight. Enraged, Midnight blames Moon Knight for leaving him for dead after being his faithful sidekick. Before he can eliminate his former mentor, Midnight is attacked from behind by Night Thrasher. When Night Thrasher stops and demands to know where Nova is, he is ambushed by Grasp of the Seekers, a group of mercenaries who have a strong dislike for superheroes. Sonic and Chain also join the battle, with Sonic incapacitating the Punisher with an energy leeching device that clamps onto the vigilante's chest. As Spider-Man helps his allies fight against Grasp, Sonic, and Chain, Midnight resumes his attack on Moon Knight. Having successfully stalled the heroes, the Seekers make their escape. Seeing this from the Moon-Copter, Moon Knight's assistant Frenchie asks if he should pursue, but Moon Knight tells him to stay and assist. Just then, Midnight escapes in a flying ship that was hidden in the water tower. As it takes off, it blasts the Moon-Coper forcing Frenchie to make an emergency landing on the roof.In the aftermath of the battle, the other heroes notice that the energy leech is still attached to the Punisher and is killing him. Quick thinking, Night Thrasher cuts the device off the vigilanty using a wrist mounted blade hidden in his armor. Punisher thanks them for the quick assist, and passes out from the experience. Frenchie reports back to Moon Knight, telling him that he can have the Moon-Copter up and running again in ten minutes. Meanwhile, at the Secret Empire's headquarters, Midnight delivers Nova to his masters much to the Secret Empire's delight. Midnight suspects that there must be a tracking device on him somewhere and asks the Empire to have their technicians give him a once over. After a quick body scan, they locate Spider-Man's spider-tracer. Before the Secret Empire can examine it, Midnight impulsively crushes it. At that moment aboard the Moon-Copter, Spider-Man senses the signal suddenly cut out. Figuring out their next course of action, Spider-Man suggests that they go to the Avengers. However, the Punisher deleriously begins talking about how his family was murdered by mobsters. This admission gets each of the others heroes thinking about their own personal tragedies. Night Thrasher speaks for all of them when he suggests that they need to find Nova on their own.Meanwhile, back at the Secret Empire's headquarters, Eliot Franklin goes over Midnight's cybernetics to prepare them for upgrades. When Number Seven asks when they can do the same for Nova, Franklin points out that since the hero's powers are natural, they need to do more research as cybernetic enhancements might actually make him weaker. This angers Midnight, as he sees himself as the leader of the Empire's army of cyborgs and he lashes out. Number Seven reminds him that they will do whatever they think is best for the organization and threatens the cyborg with a pain-enducer. This quickly changes Midnight's tone and he stands down. As Number Seven turns his attentions to other matters, Midnight realizes that there is nothing he can do to improve his situation so long as his superiors have the pain-inducer to keep them in line. Number Seven begins discussing with his associates who will succeed their recently deceased leader Number One. When Number Seven nominates himself, his associates begin to argue against his nomination. Seeing a division in the ranks, Midnight begins planning on a means of exploiting this for his own benefit. Uninterested in the future leadership of the Secret Empire, Eliot Franklin takes Midnight into the lab for his upgrades.The cyborg is strapped to a table, he begins to scream in agony as the upgrades are being done. Among those assisting Franklin is Lynn Church the nurse who has been caring for Midnight during his transformation. She can't bring herself to watch him in pain and excuses herself from the operating theater. Outside, she bumps into a technician and orders him to install a device into one of Midnight's vertebrea. When the technician balks at this order, something in her eyes frightens him into complying. As he rushes off to carry this task, she advises him against telling anyone her orders. As the technician rushes into the operating room, Lynn's are visibly glowing amid the shadows of the hallway.Aboard Moon Knight's Moon-Copter, the hero plans with Spider-Man, and Night Thrasher about their next course of action to rescue Nova from the Secret Empire. They were able to track their cyborg operative Midnight until he destroyed the spider-tracer that allowed them to track him. Recovering from an attack by an energy leech, the Punisher warns them that they need to stop the Secret Empire immediately as they are planning to build an army of cyborgs. Night Thrasher blames Moon Knight for this situation because Midnight was his former partner. this almost leads to both men coming to blows, but Spider-Man gets between them. Suddenly, Night Thrasher remembers that all members of the New Warriors have emergency communicators on them, including Nova. With this new lead, the heroes begin working on a means of tracking down Nova's radio signal. Meanwhile, at the Secret Empire's secret laboratory, Eliot Franklin concludes the painful upgrades on Midnight's body and leaves the operating room. Nurse Lynn Church then instructs the other technicians and surgeons that they have one last item to install. When they balk at her orders, they suddenly change their minds when they look her in the eye and what they see frightens them. Although they are worried at being caught, Lynn assures them that she has devised a distraction for them. Elsewhere, Eliot Franklin checks on the equally painful examination of Nova's physiology to determine if cybernetic enhancement would enhance the young hero or not. However, the members of the Secret Empire are unable to determine the origins of Nova's powers. That's when Franklin notices that someone had disengaged the signal jammer in the lab, leaving them open for detection. Although the jammer is reactivated, it is too late, as, at that moment, Frenchie manages to lock in on Nova's location. Realizing it was too late, Eliot Franklin storms out of the lab to warn his employers about this recent development. He interrupts the high ranking members of the Secret Empire as Number Seven continues to state his case to take the place of their deceased leader Number One. Franklin warns them the heroes are coming and recommends that they leave this facility. However, Number Seven refuses to give up this location and orders that their position be fortified.At that moment, the Moon-Copter attempts to land on the building that acts as a front for the Secret Empire, hidden weapons begins to open fire. As Frenchie lands the copter somewhere nearby, the Punisher insists on going along, even though he is still weak after his ordeals. However, Night Thrasher convinces him to stay and continue recovering and act as back up. The other crashes through the false business front and are confronted by an army of Secret Empire soldiers. However, the combined forces of Spider-Man, Moon Knight, and Night Thrasher make short work of these foot soldiers. As the heroes continue to fight there way into the facility, the heads of the Empire are joined by Lynn Chruch who is uneasy on her feet. Dismissing her condition, Number Seven orders her to send Midnight in to stop the heroes, even though he just recently has gotten out of surgery. Lynn then goes to Midnight and tells them that his masters want him to fight the heroes again. However, she reveals that she sabotaged their pain-inducers and he now has the freedom to choose his next actions. Midnight thanks her and assures her that he will repay her soon. As the heroes draw closer to the heart of the facility, Number Seven demands to know where Midnight is. That's when the cyborg enters the room and makes his bid to take over the Secret Empire. When Number Seven tries to activate the pain-inducer, he is shocked to discover that it no longer works. Midnight then murders Number Seven and tells the others that he will get them out of this situation.By this point, Spider-Man and the others have defeated all the soldiers. Spider-Man's spider-sense goes off, barely warning him and the others of Midnight's ambush. The cyborg focuses on Moon Knight, intending to kill him for leaving him for dead. The other heroes pile on. Night Thrasher tries to relate to Midnight, telling the cyborg about the death of his parents. However, these words do not get through to Midnight. Ultimately, Spider-Man ends up wrecking one of Midnight's arms, forcing him to flee. Night Thrasher tries to go after him in an effort to save Nova, but the wall-crawler pulls him back. Night Thrasher is furious, but Spider-Man explains that going after Nova alone wouldn't help either of them. Moon Knight suggests they get back to the Moon-Copter to follow after them. Meanwhile, the ranking members of the Secret Empire flee in a ship. Inside, Midnight informs them that he is taking over, warning them that if they protest he will kill them all as easily as he did Number Seven. Midnight then tells Lynn Church that once he is repaired he will build an army of cyborgs to take over the world in her name. Back on the rooftops, the heroes return to Frenchie at the Moon-Copter. It's there that Spider-Man discovers that the Punisher slipped away during the battle, and they quickly realize that he must have stowed aboard the Secret Empire's ship.Spider-Man, Night Thrasher, and Moon Knight have failed to capture members of the Secret Empire, who have absconded with the Nova. To make matters worse, the Punisher has gone missing as well, leaving them to wonder what their next move will be. Aboard the Secret Empire ship, the Punisher has just killed Number Three and stole his costume to disguise himself. However, he is still feeling week after being attacked by one of Sonic's energy-siphoning leeches. He thinks about how he snuck out of Moon Knight's Moon-Coptor while he was recovering and took Number Three's place while the Empire were making their escape. He rejoins the other member of the Empire's inner circle, where Midnight declairs their recent battle a success even though they lost their central Manhattan headquarters. When the other members of the inner circle complain about the lost assets, Midnight says they are as replacable as his damaged arm, ripping off the damaged limb to demonstrate this point. They soon arrive at their back-up headquarters within an abandoned warehouse where Midnight intends to have repairs done then discuss their next plan. Once inside, the Punisher begins looking around for a means of getting in touch with the others. Feeling himself about to black out, the vigilante quickly finds a storage closet where he won't be disturbed.Back on the rooftops of Manhattan, Moon Knight once more curses taking on Midnight as a partner. This angers Night Thrasher who is tired of hearing this and wants to focus on rescuing his teammate Nova from the Secret Empire. The pair almost come to blows, but Spider-Man gets between them. He reminds them that fighting amongst each other will not help them find Nova or the Punisher. With nothing  left to do, the wall-crawler suggests they take a break and get in touch with each other later. After the web-slinger leaves, Night Thrasher and Moon Knight make peace and make their own departures as well. On his way home, Spider-Man thinks about how stressful it is working with other super-heroes. When he arrives on the roof of his Soho loft, he remembers how he left Mary Jane in the middle of dinner. When he enters his apartment, he finds his wife sleeping on the couch, and wakes her up to let him know that she is home safe.At that same moment, Marc Spector has returned home and spends a moment before the statue of Khonshu that he has in his bedroom. Overhearing him talking about taking a break is his lover, Marlene Alraune, who hoeps that Spector intends to spend this downtime with her. Marc admits that he never seems to have enough time for her, but looks forward to spending a romantic evening with Marlene under the light of the full moon. Not everyone is taking the time  to relax, as at the headquarters of the New Warriors, Dwayne Taylor spends his time in training. He is interrupted by his teammate Silouette who tries to get him to stop torturing himself over Nova's capture. However, Taylor can't help it, as the leader of the New Warriors he failed Nova by allowing him to be captured. While at the Secret Empire's hideout, Elliot Franklin and Lynn Church have just finished installing Midnight's new arm. He calls upon his inner circle, who report that everyone is present except Number Three, who cannot be found. Midngiht decides to proceed with the meeting anyway, asking Lynn to join him. However, Lynn tells Midnight that she has to finish up and catch up with him later. By this point, the Punisher has woken up and continues his search for a means of contacting his allies. Unfortuantely, there is a large security detail outside the communications center. Unsure if he can use his disguise to pull rank, the Punisher instead goes to the lab where Nova is being kept to "check" on the prisoner. He manages to get close enough to Nova to tell him to escape and contact the others. To facilitate this escape, the Punisher uses a knife to cut the power-supply that keeps Nova restrained. While the Punisher stands in on the meeting with the Secret Empire's inner circle, Nova breaks free from his bonds. This sets off an alarm, that distracts Midnight. The Punisher uses this opportunity to convince the other members of the inner circle to try and take down their new leader. Midnight easily holds off the mutineers as Elliot Franklin watches. He hopes that both sides end each other so that he might take over the Secret Empire for himself. Soon, the only member still standing is "Number Three". When Midnight attacks him, it ruins the Punisher's disguise. He manages to escape Midnight by closing the door and damaging the locking mechanism. By this point, Nova has contact Night Thrasher and word passes to Moon Knight and Spider-Man who agree to join in ambushing the Secret Empire's secret hideout. Watching Moon Knight's Moon-Coptor fly across Queens is Chris Powell, who decides to follow after it as Darkhawk and see if there is any way he can help. As their allies converge on their location, Nova and the Punisher fight side-by-side against Midnight and the Secret Empire. Nova is spoiling for a rematch with Midnight after the cyborg kidnapped him, but is unprepared for the upgrades the villain has made to himself since. That's when Spider-Man comes crashing in through the skylight to join the battle. As more Secret Empire foot soldiers arrive on the scene, the Punisher and Nova focus thier attentions on dealing with this cannon fodder. They are soon joined by Moon Knight and Night Thrasher who have also arrived on the scene. The four heroes are able to turn the tide until Nova is ambushed by Elliot Frankin, who has used the Secret Empire's technology to createa replacement for the mystical powers he lost as a member of the Wrecking Crew. Before Thunderball can finish off Nova, he is interrupted by Darkhawk who recognizes Franklin from when Midnight broke him out of jail. When Moon Knight reaches Midnight and starts lashing into his former partner, he is suddenly stopped by Lynn Church who shocks everyone with her super-human strength. She explains to Midnight that she was used as a prototype for all the cybernetic systems that were installed in him.As the heroes regroup, Lynn sheds her lab coat revealing a costume similar to that of Midnight. When Spider-Man asks what her next move is, Church tells the wall-crawler that she intends to kill them all.Spider-Man, Moon Knight, Darkhawk, Night Thrasher, Nova, and the Punisher are in a life and death battle against the Secret Empire and their cyborg leaders Midnight and Lynn Church. Everyone is shocked at the discovery that Lynn Church has been secretly a cyborg this whole time. She explains that the Secret Empire's former leader, Number One, was her protege. When the Empire began working on cybernetics, Lynn volunteered for early experimentation. When Jeff Wilde was enlisted for cybernetic augmentation, she was assigned to oversee him to earn his trust. She then used her position to assist Midnight in breaking free from the Secret Empire's control so he could usurp a position of power within the organization. Midnight is hurt by this, thinking that he interest in him was merely business. However, Lynn assures him that her affections toward him are genuine, and she had to keep her true nature a secret after the death of Number One as she did not know how the other members of the Empire would react. When Thunderball also questions his position within the Secret Empire, she also promises him a place within the organization.All this discussion takes their mind off the battle and the combined heroes begin gaining ground in the battle. With the foot soldiers all but defeated, the heroes are ambushed by the Seekers, who are once more assisting the Secret Empire. Sonic turns his attention to the Punisher, whom he almost killed in their last encounter. When Spider-Man tries to help, he leaves himself open for Midnight who fires a cryogenic beam at the wall-crawler. Fortunately for Spider-Man, his spider-sense warns him in enough time to dodge the blast. It hits Sonic instead, not only immobilizing his armor but making it incredibly brittle. With the tables turned, the Punisher shatters Sonic's armor with a single tap from the handle of his knife. Completely defenseless, Sonic is knocked off his feet by a single blow from the vigilante. The Punisher is then hit from behind by Grasp's rocket-powered fists. as Grasp rants over his hatred of costumed super-heroes, he is ambushed himself by Nova. Although Grasp manages to catch Nova in a shock net, the hero hits him with enough force to knock the armored villain out.Moon Knight decides who to help when he spots Chain choking Night Thrasher with his weapon. Spotting the remains of Sonic's weapon, Moon Knight removes the energy leeching device and snaps it onto Chain. Seeing Chain in trouble, Midnight breaks off from his attack on Spider-Man to knock the hero aside. This allows Spider-Man to lay into Lynn and ultimately sprays webbing in her face. Seeing everything falling apart, Thunderball stands back and begins to question his loyalties once again. When Lynn rips off Spider-Man's webbing she also tears off the synthetic skin that covered her metallic face. Seeing Lynn like this horrifies Midnight, who now considers her a monster for allowing the Secret Empire to do that to her willingly. Having prepared for Midnight potentially betraying her, Lynn activates the pain-inducer that had long been deactivated. Seeing things hitting the fan, Thunderball steps in to try and get ahold of the device in order to control the two cyborgs. However, Lynn is too powerful for Thunderball, destroying his new cybernetic weapons in the process. With the pain subsiding, Midnight realizes the grave error he made and decides to redeem himself by unleashing energy blasts all over the facility to bring it to the ground.With the warehouse about to explode, Spider-Man and his allies grab the surviving members of the Secret Empire's minions and carry them outside just moments before the facility explodes. In the aftermath of the battle, Night Thrasher warns the Punisher that the police are on their way, allowing the vigilante to silently slip away. Spider-Man offers his sympathy to Moon Knight for the loss of his former partner, Midnight. Suddenly, someone begins digging their way out of the rubble. It turns out to be Thunderball, who is too injured to put up much of a fight and surrenders. He tells them that the two cyborgs killed themselves, tossing their severed arms as proof. Moon Knight wishes Midnight hadn't gone bad, but Spider-Man offers some solace: At least his former sidekick died helping the good guys.Based on a tip from Ben Urich, Spider-Man has come to a warehouse to photograph Albert Bruckner, a crooked banker making a secret purchase of a custom-made Ferrari after his savings and loan company went bankrupt, leaving investors with their savings gone. As Spider-Man takes photos, his position is compromised when the dealer shows off the car's fog lights causing a reflection to cast off the lens of the wall-crawler's camera. The dealer has prepared for any kind of interruption and activates a number of defense drones to eliminate him. Spider-Man quickly destroys these attacking machines and escapes out a window so he can get his photos back to the Daily Bugle. There, Peter Parker develops his photos and hands them over to Ben Urich who is more than happy that Peter managed to get the shots for him. With his job over for the day, Peter prepares for an evening out with his wife Mary Jane. Later that evening, Peter and Mary Jane attend a 50's dance with Flash Thompson and Felicia Hardy. While Peter and Mary Jane are dancing, Flash goes to get some beverages for himself and Felicia. Left alone, Hardy wonders if she is ready for this sort of life, missing the excitement of being the Black Cat. Her thoughts are interrupted when an aggressive man comes up and begins hitting on her. In response, she breaks his finger, sending him packing. By midnight, Peter Parker and Mary Jane are on their way home. Passing by a newspaper stand, Peter shows Mary Jane his recent photos. He feels good to make an impact in the world. However, Peter wouldn't realize how literally an impact his photos have made. At that very moment, the mansion of Albert Buckner is attacked by Cardiac. Seeking to make Buckner pay for his greed, he uses his Beta Staff to destroy all of Albert's money and possessions, including his recently purchased car. When Buckner demands to know why Cardiac has done this, the costumed vigilante explains that Buckner needs to pay the consequences for his actions. Suddenly, Cardiac's hang-glider swoops down and carries its master away. The following day, Peter Parker is informed by J. Jonah Jameson about Cardiac's attack on Buckner. As it turns out, Cardiac has been choosing targets from Ben Urich's recent exposes. While that evening, at Ryker's Island, a guard goes to the cell holding Cletus Cassidy to know who he is talking to. Cassidy shows him when some strange liquid-like form shoots out of his chest and pulls the guard through the bars. When some other guards happen upon the horrific scene, they discover that Cassidy has managed to escape. The next day, Peter Parker and Ben Urich go over their most recent expose on TechToys regarding one of their electronic dolls that injured a child. They managed to get out of any legal trouble due to a technicality. They are concerned that Cardiac may use this report as inspiration for his next target. However, this did little to stop the company, which changed its name and continued to market the same flawed toy design. Sure enough, when Elias Wirthham reads about this in the Bugle, he cancels all of his appointments for the day to attack the company as Cardiac. That evening, Spider-Man is staking out the factory where the electronic dolls are being made and is present when Cardiac begins attacking the facility. Although the company paid for armed guards, Spider-Man keeps them at bay while he deals with Cardiac on his own. Spider-Man's attempts to convince Cardiac to stop taking the law into his own hands fall on deaf ears and the pair come to blows. During the course of the battle, the head of security climbs up onto a crane in the hopes of using it to stop the two combatants. Meanwhile, Spider-Man tries to pull Cardiac's staff out of his hands. The beta-feedback send both combatants fleeing in opposite directions.While Spider-Man lands in a pile of boxes, Cardiac bumps into a vat of the molten plastic used to make the dolls. Although the liquid plastic doesn't physically harm Cardiac, the fumes cause him to pass out onto an assembly conveyor belt where the dolls have their ear cavities punched in. Seeing that the two combatants took care of themselves, the guard gets out of the crane but realizes too late that he forgot to shut it down. Losing his footing, he slips and grabs onto a gurder to prevent himself from falling to his death. As Spider-Man recovers from the feedback, he finds himself with time to save only one of the two imperiled men.At the TechToy factory, Spider-Man is caught between a rock and a hard place: Does he save Cardiac from being lobotomized from the toy assembly line, or the security guard who that could fall to his death? However, he quickly comes up with a solution that will save both men. Tossing Cardiac's Beta Staff upward, it lands in the track of the crane bearing down on the security guard, stopping it before it can run over his fingers and send him falling to his death. The hero then rips up the conveyor belt on the assembly line whipping Cardiac off the belt. When the guard finally loses his grip, Spider-Man has web-swinged up to catch him in the nick of time. As Spider-Man gets the guard to the ground, Cardiac has recovered his Beta Staff and uses it to destroy the rest of the assembly line before fleeing to another part of the factory. the wall-crawler follows after him and finds Cardiac going over print-outs in a central control room. When Spider-Man asks what Cardiac has found, the vigilante explains that he has found proof that TechToys has been participating in human experiments. Before Spider-Man can clearn more, he is distracted by the sound of approaching sirens. Cardiac takes this opportunity to escape, narrowly avoiding being tagged by a spider-tracer. With the authorities arriving, Spider-Man grabs some of the evidence for himself and escapes as well.When Spider-Man returns home, he finds that his wife Mary Jane is nowhere to be found. However, she arrives home shortly after, explaining that she had just returned home from visiting Liz Osborn downstairs who is current upset about her husband Harry. Noticing her husband looks somber this evening, she is soon brought up to the speed regarding the situation with Cardiac. Peter feels responsible for those who get hurt as Cardiac is using the exposes in the Daily Bugle that Peter photographed, and vows to stop Cardiac no matter what. While at the secret lab of Cardiac, Dr. Elias Wirthham examines the damage done to his pseudoskin and begins going over the TechToy reports as his body undergoes repairs. He learns that the toy company has been experimenting on controlling the human nervous system. Elsewhere in the city, Gunther Stein is returning home after a grueling night shift. When he arrives at his door, he finds a horrific creature waiting for him. Calling itself Carnage, the man-monster puts a hand over Stein's mouth. Suddenly, the hand turns into a series of tendrils that go into the mouth and nose of Gunther, suffocating him.The next morning, Peter Parker has a meeting with J. Jonah Jameson and Ben Urich to tell them that he will no longer be taking pictures for any more exposes. He then goes down to the Bugle morgue to find out what sort of corporate connections TechToy has and discovers that it is subsidary of Stane International. His research is interrupted by Joy Mercado who asks Peter if he's working on something newsworthy. He tells her that he is looking up something for homework and quickly logs out of the computer. However, Joy is not buying this. She takes a look at the records Peter was investigating and is interested in what she finds. While that evening at the Lincoln Center, Eli Wertham is attending a charity gala. There he talks to a councilwoman that is up for re-election. She is on the board of directors for TechToy and since he had contributed to her campeign in the past, he manages to convince her to tell him who the mysterious parent organization of TechToy might be. Later, after midnight, Spider-Man is about to consider his stakeout at Stane International a bust when he suddenly spots Cardiac sneaking onto the property. The vigilante blasts his way into the office of Joe Falkner. As head of Stane and TechToy he holds him responsible for the nerve gas research that TechToy is involved in. Joe reveals that it is something even more sinister, not a gas, but a sonic device that is perfectly legal. Before Cardiac can eliminate Falkner, Spider-Man interferes, even though he is at odds considering what Falkner is involved in. Cardiac tries to appeal to Spider-Man by telling him a story. Omitting his true identity, Cardiac talks about the close relationship he had with his younger brother, Joshua. Joshua fell ill of an incurable disease and died at a young age. Elias decided then to devote his life to medicine in order to save lives so nobody would have to suffer the loss he did. During his studies, Elias had learned that a chemical company had discovered a miracle cure that could have saved his brother's life. Wertham shifted his focus, becoming a leading businessman in the field of medical science. Acquiring a vast fortune, he purchased the chemical company that had developed the cure. He discovered that the company had actually created the cure years ago, when it could have saved Joshua's life, but withheld it from the public until the economic climate was such they could have reaped a massive profit. He became Cardiac to destroy those who hide behind the law to profit off the suffering and death of others. While Spider-Man is sympathetic toward Cardiac's losses, he cannot advocate the murder of anyone, regardless of the cause. This entire distraction allows Joe Falkner to hit the security alarm. Soon the two costumed vigilantes are ambushed by the Stane International security team. Outnumbered, the pair agree to put aside their differences to deal with the security team. However, when Spider-Man begins cutting down their numbers, he discovers that Cardiac had slipped away in the confusion. Spider-Man follows Cardiac's trail of destruction, leading the wall-crawler to where the sonic missiles are being stored. As Spider-Man tries to stop Cardiac from destroying the weapons, they suddenly hear the sound of police sirens. Although Cardiac thinks he has lost this battle, the police have come with the district attorney. As it turns out, Joy Mercado investigated the connection between Stane International, TechToy, and their production of the sonic weapons. The DA has come to shut down operations so they can be investigated. When Spider-Man tries to show Cardiac that they can fight unscrupulous corporations through legal means, he discovers that Cardiac is gone. The vigilante had also left a note that reads "one down, a world to go." Spider-Man is disappointed that he cannot convince Cardiac to fight on the side of the law, but resigns to their differences for now and heads home.Serial killer Cletus Cassidy, now the symbiote-powered Carnage, arrives at the Agro-Lab at Empire State University in search of his next victim. He finds Chip, a classmate of Peter Parker. Chip starts to run away from Carnage, but Carnage picks up a sink and throws it at Chip making him not able to leave the room. Carnage heads over to Chip picks him up by the throat and extends his fingers, killing chip. Before his death he asked why he is going to be killed, only to have Carnage reply with "...'cause I can".In the home of May Parker, we find Peter and Aunt May, just as Peter finishes fixing her heater. Aunt May's phone rings only to find out it is for Peter. Peter answers the phone and is told that a classmate of his, Chip, had been murdered. Spider-Man heads to the lab where Chip had been killed and hides in the air conditioning vents to find out information. He evesdrops in on a reporter questioning Professor Evert. She mentions the murderer had "living skin", also that his arm had grown a rope and he swung away. Leading Spider-Man to think the killer is Venom. Because of this development Peter Parker is late meeting his wife Mary Jane Watson-Parker in Central Park. Peter tells Mary that Chip had been killed and tells her he suspects that it is Venom who is the source of this. He recounts how he first got the Venom Symbiote on Battleworld during the Secret Wars. After learning that it was trying to permanently bond to him he later used the loud peals of cathedral bells to seemingly destroy it. The symbiote survived and bonded to someone with as much hatred for Spider-Man as it did...Eddie Brock. Bonding with the symbiote, Brock became Venom, one of Spider-Man's most powerful foes. Peter then recalls how he faked his own death at the hands of Venom during their last encounter, prompting Venom to remain on the Carribean Island where they fought. Mary Jane tells him he should leave it to the police, the Avengers, or the Fantastic Four. He can't do that, however, because he blames this on himself. He feels he is the only one who should stop these killings, reminding Mary Jane that she knew what she was getting into when they got married.Going to the Daily Bugle, Peter goes through the newspaper's computer archives to retrace the activities of Eddie Brock prior to their last battle. He discovers that Eddie's had a cellmate at Ryker's Island. This cellmate was Cletus Kasady, an unrepentant mass murder who was convicted with eleven life sentences. He also discovers that Cletus had just escaped from his cell, murdering one of the prison guards in the process. He starts doing a background check on Cletus and discovers that Kasady lived at St. Estes Home For Boys, an orphanage that was ravaged by a fire with the disciplinarian administrator's dead body found within it, her skull smashed in. Peter wonders if this was the first murder committed by Cletus, and what kind of monster he is dealing with now. Digging deeper, Peter travels the entire city in search of people who knew Cletus in order to get more information about him. Everyone has very little to say about Kasady, but it appears that he was always present during some tragic event or another. Peter's last stop is to a psychologist who cannot divulge information about his former client but warns Parker to avoid Kasady at all costs.That evening, Spider-Man goes to the ruins of the St. Estes Home For Boy to search for clues. He hears someone talking to themselves there. At first, Spider-Man thinks its a child but discovers that it is Cletus himself. The deranged lunatic is stark naked sitting before a fire talking to a teddy bear he calls Binky. When the wall-crawler tries to get in closer, he reveals his presence to Kasady. Looking at the wall-crawler, Cletus suddenly transforms into Carnage, ripping the teddy bear to shreds with his bare hands. Carnage stretches his arm to punch Spider-Man reminding him of fights with Venom. Spider-Man shoots a web at Carnage's face, while Carnage wraps his symbiote around the web in his face and grabs hold of Spider-Man and throws him into the wall. Spider-Man throws a giant piece of wood at Carnage who catches it and breaks it in half. Carnage then solidifies an ax from his hand and throws it at Spider-Man who barely dodges it. After watching it turn to dust, Spider-Man looks to notice Carnage has disappeared. Carnage's symbiote makes tentacles seep through the wall and grab hold of Spider-Man and ripping him through the wall to the floor. As this is going on officers arrive on the scene soon arrive to check out noise complaints. They burst into the room and Carnage shoots projectiles at one from his fingertips hitting him. Spider-Man grabs hold of his tentacles and throws him then goes to check on the injured officers. While the wall-crawler is distracted, Carnage throws an oven at the other cop, prompting Spider-Man to push the officer out of the way. However, the wall-crawler is struck over the head, staggering him long enough for Carnage to escape. Searching the ruins for Carnage, Spider-Man discovers a parting message from his foe, the words "Carnage Rules!" painted in blood on a wall. Examining the blood, the wall-crawler notices that it is still fresh and realizes, much to his disgust, that Kasady used his own blood to write this message.The following morning, Peter tells Mary Jane about how he has already tried to get the assistance of Avengers or the Fantastic Four of this new enemy, but they all seem to be dealing with their own planet-threatening problems. While expressing his frustrations, Peter accidentally knocks over Mary Jane's purse to the floor and discovers a pack of cigarettes among the contents. Mary Jane admits that they are hers, and that she used to smoke when she was younger. She managed to quit years ago, but took up the habit again recently in order to deal with the stress of Peter being Spider-Man. Before she can fully explain herself, Peter shushes her so he can hear a news bulletin about Carnage killing an entire family, including three children. Horrified by this, Peter realizes that he has no choice now, he has to find Venom an enlist his aid in stopping Carnage once and for all.With the mass-murderer known as Carnage on the loose in New York City, Spider-Man has enlisted the aid of the Human Torch to help locate Venom, who was last seen on a Caribbean Island after he was tricked into thinking he had killed Spider-Man. As they fly to the island in the Fantasti-Car, Spider-Man prepares the sonic gun developed by Mister Fantastic, one of the symbiote's weaknesses. When they arrive on the island, Spider-Man and the Torch begin looking for Venom. Spider-Man thinks he made a mistake of allowing Brock to remain free, thinking he should have brought him to the Vault. However, he admits that the reason why he didn't do so is that he is afraid of Venom. The Torch can sense how stressed out Spider-Man is over this whole situation. He soon finds Eddie Brock relaxing on the beach and alerts Spider-Man to his presence. When Spider-Man and Torch make their presence known, Brock cannot believe that it is the real Spider-Man. Spider-Man pulls up his mask to reveal that he is the real Spider-Man. Filled with rage, Brock changes into Spider-Man and lunges at the wall-crawler. Spider-Man blasts Venom with the sonic gun, injuring the symbiote. However, this does little to slow Venom's momentum, and he hits the wall-crawler with enough force to break the sonic gun in half. The Human Torch breaks up the fight when he places a ring of fire around Venom. Although this is another symbiote weakness, this doesn't stop Venom from sending a tendril into the sand and whip up enough to snuff out the Torch's flames. He then grabs the Torch by the throat and attempts to drown him in the ocean. With all of his defenses against Venom destroyed, Spider-Man tries to figure out his next move as Venom closes in on him. Meanwhile, back in New York City, Carnage has targeted the office of Robert Sutcliff, accepting the challenge from the desk guard that Sutcliff's office is impenetrable and begins murdering his way to the top of the building. Back on the island, Johnny Storm uses the last of his strength to unleash a nova flame, burning himself free. Wanting to give the Torch time to recover, Spider-Man flees with Venom in tow. The wall-crawler goes to the abandoned mining village where he fought Venom previously. Venom manages to ambush the wall-crawler thanks to the fact that his symbiote negates the hero's spider-sense and Venom can camouflage himself. Before Venom can crush Spider-Man under some mining equipment, the Torch arrives with the Fantasti-Car and blasts Venom with the onboard sonic blaster. With Venom weakened, Spider-Man quickly explains that they came seeking him to help stop Cletus Kasady who has a symbiote of his own and is murdering innocent people. This appeals to Venom's warped code to defend the innocent and as his symbiote recovers, he asks Spider-Man to tell him more.Back in the city, Carnage has made his way into Sutcliff's office. When the businessman tries to shoot the killer, the bullets have no effect. Fleeing for his life, Robert tries to block Carnage's place with a bulletproof shield, but the symbiote is able to slice through it with ease. By the time Carnage catches up to Sutcliff, the businessman attempts to flee in a helicopter. With nobody qualified to fly the aircraft, Robert's life comes to an abrupt end when Carnage pushes the helicopter off the edge of the building. Satisfied with this latest kill, Carnage swings off looking for his next victim. While in the Carribean, Venom has finished hearing out Spider-Man. He tells the wall-crawler and the Torch that the symbiote reproduces asexually once a generation. However, the symbiotes have little regard for their offspring. He has since learned that his symbiote gave birth when it broke him out of Ryker's Island while he shared a cell with Cletus Kasady. After hearing the web-spinner's story, he suspects that the symbiote's offspring developed unique abilities due to its gestation on Earth. As Venom has sworn himself to protecting the innocent, he agrees to help stop Carnage, in exchange for being allowed to go free after.Back in Manhattan, Carnage returns to the scene of one of his as yet undiscovered murders to revel in news reports about his killing spree. After seeing a report about a police officer being awarded a medal, Kasady begins becomes furious, destroying the television. He vows to show the world just how heroic this police officer is, but first, he intends to make himself a sandwich. By this time, Spider-Man, The Human Torch, and Venom are just arriving in New York City to begin their search for Carnage. Eddie Brock compliments Johnny Storm and tells him he did an article about the Fantastic Four when he worked for The Daily Globe. Johnny, however, questions why Spider-Man insists that they work with someone who is clearly mentally unhinged. As Spider-Man explains that he has no choice, Johnny has to leave because he is getting an emergency signal from the Fantastic Four. Spider-Man and Venom disembark from the Fantasti-Car so they can begin their search for Carnage on their own. Venom reveals that he is able to track Carnage due to the fact that his symbiote can sens its own kind. They eventually find Cletus Kasady still fixing himself a snack at one of his crime scenes. Quickly turning into Carnage, he engages in battle with his two opponents. However, as it turns out, Carnage is more powerful than the combined powers of both Spider-Man and Venom.The battle causes enough noise that a woman in the apartment below underneath them starts complaining by banging a broom on the ceiling of her home. Hearing this, Carnage breaks the floor, kills the mother and grabs her baby. He throws it out the window making both Spider-Man and Venom jump after it. Venom got the baby with his web and they bring it back to the apartment and find out Carnage has escaped. Searching the scene, Spider-Man finds the front page of the Daily Bugle. The headline features another one of J. Jonah Jameson's anti-crime editorials. Seeing how a hole had been punched through the photo of Jameson, Spider-Man fears that the publisher may be Carnage's next target. Spider-Man's hunch proves correct as Jonah returns to his office and discovers Carnage waiting to kill him.The serial killer known as Carnage has selected J. Jonah Jameson as the next target of his murder spree. Breaking into the Daily Bugle, the lunatic confronts Jameson in his office. He explains that he has chosen Jameson as a target due to his endless crusade toward law and order. Intending to prove that these are merely empty words, Carnage tosses Jameson into his desk. Jameson scrambles for a call button, summoning Joe Robertson, giving Carnage a much-wanted audience. Meanwhile, Spider-Man has made an unholy alliance with his greatest enemy, Venom, in order to track down Carnage and put an end of his murder spree. He thinks about how he tracked down Venom and brought him back to Manhattan after putting in so much effort to convince his foe that he was dead. When the wall-crawler suggests that they enlist the aid of the Avengers, Venom flat out refuses, intending to deal with Carnage on his own, much to Spider-Man's chagrin. While at the offices of the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson has just finished telling police how Carnage absconded with J. Jonah Jameson. That's when Spider-Man and Venom arrive and promise to stop Carnage themselves. After learning that Carnage took Jameson to kill him before a larger audience, Spider-Man assures the police that Venom is needed to stop Carnage and that he takes full responsibility. Soon, the two are back on Carnage's trail. With this latest development, Joe Robertson orders that Jameson's obituary be updated in the event he doesn't survive the night.Spider-Man and Venom soon find a crowd of people who have gathered around a woman that Carnage shoved through a wall. Looking for clues, Venom is about to use violence to coax it out of the bystander, but Spider-Man spots a poster on the wall above the victim. It's an advertisement for a heavy metal concert happening at Madison Square Garden called "Headbanger Heaven". Remembering what was said about Carnage seeking out a captive audience, the wall-crawler hopes he's that he is not wrong. Spider-Man's hunt proves right, as Carnage arrives in the middle of the performance and kills his way on stage. Carnage begins inflaming the audience, preaching his message of anarchy and murder. This speech is interrupted by the arrival of Spider-Man and Venom. Venom leaps in and pulls Jameson to safety, but is smashed through the floor to the subway platform below. When Spider-Man joins the battle, his opening kick sends Carnage falling through the hole in the floor as well. Carnage takes the opportunity to kill a number of commuters at random before fleeing down the tracks. When Venom tries to follow after him, he is stopped by a security guard. Before Venom can harm him, Spider-Man leaps in and stop him.Reminding Venom of their task, the pair follow Carnage down the subway tunnel. They catch up with Carnage and in the ensuing battle, they knock the murderer onto the electrified third rail of the subway track. Unfortunately, the thousands of volts of electricity have no effect on Carnage, who escapes once again. Spider-Man and Venom follow Carnage back to Madison Square Garden where they discover that their foe has strung up J. Jonah Jameson. When Spider-Man asks Jonah why he didn't escape, he is ambushed by Carnage, who explains that Jameson foolishly stopped to call in the situation to the Daily Bugle, making him easy to recapture the publisher. Venom ambushes Carnage from behind, freeing Spider-Man. This also give the wall-crawler time to free Jameson. In doing so, Spider-Man spots the sound booth and leaps up into it. He then cranks up the sound and blasts the two combatants with deafening heavy metal music. This causes pain to both symbiotes. When Spider-Man offers to pull Eddie Brock to safety, he refuses, insisting that his symbiote is stronger that Carnage's. When Cletus Kasady's symbiote is seemingly destroyed he passes out from the pain. Spider-Man swings down and promises Venom he will shut off the speakers once he is certain it is safe. However, with Carnage defeated, Eddie Brock turns his strength against Spider-Man once more, willing to fight the pain in order to destroy his hated foe.Although Venom overpowers Spider-Man, he is blasted from behind by Mister Fantastic and his sonic blaster. Fantastic and the Human Torch have arrived in the nick of time to lend assistance to Spider-Man. As it truns out this was all pre-planned by Spider-Man in order to assure that Venom was recaptured in the end. Furious at this betrayal, Brock is even more convinced that Spider-Man is anything but innocent. Soon enough, soldiers from the Vault have come to collect Venom and explanations are being made all around. As usual J. Jonah Jameson has heavy criticisms for Spider-Man, pointing out that someone like Captain America would have kept his word no matter what. Furious, Spider-Man explains that Captain America would never have had to rely on someone like Venom in the first place. He also points out that, unlike Captain America, he is just a man and he had to make the choice he made and live with them. Meanwhile, at an airport in Germany, an elderly couple are preparing for a flight to New York City. They are returning home after decades away and with their loved ones thinking them deceased. The woman in particularl is concerned how it will alter the lives of their family forever. The woman looks at an issue of Now Magazine that contains a photo taken by Peter Parker. She points out that Peter's life in particular will be the most impacted by their return.The Shocker has broken into the security firm owned by Trevor Atkins, setting off the security drones. He destroys them, but it attracts the attention of Spider-Man, who happens to be passing by. When the wall-crawler tries to stop his foe, they are interrupted by a security guard. The Shocker blasts the guard out the window, and while Spider-Man is saving the man's life, the Shocker manages to escape. That's when Trevor Atkins enters the room and discovers that the Shocker had stolen his client's files. After giving Spider-Man a printout, he goes to inform his customers so they can change their security codes. After collecting his automatic camera, Spider-Man goes back out looking for the Shocker but goes in the wrong direction. The Shocker is relieved, as he is more concerned about being murdered by the Scourge of the Underworld. Thinking that he could be the Scourge's next victim, the Shocker has decided that he needs to kill Scourge, and believes the data he has stolen will help him with this task. Meanwhile, at JFK International Airport, an elderly couple have just arrived from a flight from Germany. The woman is concerned about coming back, because she fears that it may ruin the life of Peter Parker. Her husband, however, insists that they must. the following day, Peter Parker is in Queens visiting his Aunt May. Going through old photo albums, he comes across his parent's wedding photo and can finds it hard to call them mom and dad as he hardly knew them. He is curious what his parents might look like now and considers running the photos through some age-enhancing software at Empire State University. It's then that Aunt May sees the photos Peter took the night before of his battle with the Shocker on the front page of the Daily Bugle. She tells Peter how much she wishes he'd find another way to earn money for an education instead of taking dangerous crime photos. Peter assures her that he is very careful, but after May has lost so many people to violence she can't help but worry about him. By the time Peter arrives at Empire State University, he wonders if Aunt May is worried after her recent troubles with the Vulture. Peter soon arrives in the computer lab where some of his colleagues are running more tests on their age-enhancing software. He gives them the photo of his parents, and they tell Peter that they will run it through their next batch of tests. While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson is called from the records room and is told that the Shocker is trashing the place. Jameson knows how to deal with this problem and presses a silent alarm. As the Shocker begins gathering data from the computers, he is suddenly attacked by members of Silver Sable's Wild Pack who Jonah keeps on retainer. When Peter Parker arrives, he learns from Joe Robertson that the Shocker stole information on a up coming space-shuttle launch. Peter asks for hard copies of the data to look into, and wonders what the Shocker is up to. While at that moment, at a midtown hotel, the elderly couple decide to put off visiting Peter Parker for one more day. When the woman once more expresses her concerns that Peter will not accept them, her husband assures her that resisting them would be Peter Parker's worst mistake ever made. That evening, Peter Parker is at his Soho apartment going over the information that the Shocker stole. He learns that Moleed Labs has developed an advanced technology that uses a special air compressor. He makes a connection since the Shocker's weapons operate on air compressors. He is about to change into Spider-Man and look into it, when there is a knock at the door. It's his Aunt May who wants to talk about Peter's career options, but her nephew tells her he has something to do and they can talk about it when he gets back. After Peter leaves, May sees the computer print outs on his coffee table. Looking over them, and fearing for Peter's safety, decides to go find him and talk him out of looking for danger.Soon, at the Moleed Labs, the Shocker has used the information about the facility security systems to break in without setting off the alarms. He finds the prototype for a air compressor that could tripple the spacewalk time of astronauts. The villain intends to use the device to boost the power of his vibro-blasters. That's when Spider-Man arrives and the two begin fighting. That's when Aunt May arrives at the facility and finds the guards tied up. She decides to call the police. It's then that Spider-Man and the Shocker come crashing through the wall. Seeing his Aunt May and fearing for her safety distracts the wall-crawler long enough for the Shocker to stagger him with a vibro-blast and gets away. Spider-Man convinces May that her nephew is already gone. Once she has left, Spider-Man is ambushed by the Shocker who has rigged up the device to his gauntlets, making them more powerful than ever. At first, Spider-Man considers leaving and coming back with the Avengers, but decides against this idea in case the Shocker manages to kill someone in that time. He leaps at the villain and begins pulling at the device until he pulls out a crucial wire that causes the Shocker's equipment to short out, knocking the villain unconcious. In the aftermath of the battle, the police arrive and take the Shocker into custody and take a statement from Aunt May. By this time, Spider-Man has changed back to Peter Parker and finds his Aunt. When she expresses her concern for his safety, he tells her that he can look after himself, and that she needs to accept it. However, he explains that he understands her concern because she cares about him and he considers her the parents he never had, telling her that nothing will change that. That following morning at Empire State University, the wedding photo of Peter's parents has just been run through the computer. When the results come out, the much older Richard and Mary Parker look exactly like the two people who have returned to New York looking for Peter Parker.Finally free from the control of Calypso, the Lizard once more prowls New York City, heading for the apartment where his alter-ego, Curt Connors and his family live. Peering in the window, the Lizard sees that Curt's wife Martha is throwing a birthday party for their son Billy. In attendance are Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane. Incidentally, Peter feels guilty being there since nobody has heard from Curt since he last became a lizard. As the subject of his conversation sneaks into a bedroom window, Peter's spider-sense begins to go off. This is as Martha heads to her room to get Billy's birthday gift. There, Martha is grabbed by the Lizard, who assures her that it's Curt Connor's that is in control. He explains where he has been all this time and that he needs Billy in order to help cure himself. When Martha calls out to Billy, the Lizard pulls her away, telling her that she has helped out sufficiently. When Billy enters the room he is frightened to see the Lizard. The man-monster assures Billy that he hasn't come to hurt him, and scratches the boy on the cheek, drawing blood.Suddenly, Spider-Man comes bursting into the room, thinking the Lizard is threatening his family again. Although Martha tries to tell the wall-crawler that he is okay, the sudden attack causes Curt's Lizard persona to take control. It lashes out at Spider-Man, sending the masked hero crashing through the wall and out into the party. He tells Mary Jane to get the children to safety, just as the Lizard pounces on him again. The creature is too fast and powerful for the web-slinger. As the Lizard begins trouncing Spider-Man, Billy comes up behind him and strikes him with a skateboard. The Lizard stops and turns, and upon seeing his son in tears, loses his will to fight. The Lizard then leaps out the window, satisfied that he got what he came for. Not trusting the Lizard to stay out of trouble, Spider-Man manages to tag him with a spider-tracer before he is out of range. Spider-Man tells Matha to see to the children and heads out to follow after her husband. Watching Spider-Man go, Martha tries to convince Billy not to hate his father since he was only trying to find a way to restore his lost arm. Unfortunately, she doesn't see Billy grab a knife from the kitchen and leave the apartment to follow after Spider-Man on his skateboard.Meanwhile, Spider-Man follows the signal from his spider-tracer, which leads him to the sewers. The wall-crawler is relieved that the fight is happening down there where nobody can get in the way, unaware that Billy Connors if following him from behind. Elsewhere, in a taxi headed for Queens, the couple who appear to be Richard and Mary Parker are bracing themselves for their reunion with Aunt May. Back in the sewers, Spider-Man continues his search, when he hears someone following him from behind. Climbing up into the pipes, he quickly spots Billy and asks him what he is doing in the sewers where it is dangerous. Billy explains that he is furious that his father cut him, that he could have killed both Billy and his mother had Spider-Man not interfered. While the wall-crawler can understand, he tells Billy to go home to his mother, so she doesn't have to worry about something happening to him. Spider-Man assures Billy that he will bring his father home safe and takes off. This has done little to convince Billy, as he doesn't want his father back the way he is and, pulling the knife out of the waistband of his pants, pulls out the knife he brought from home. Up ahead, Spider-Man follows the signal all the way to a lab he recognizes as the one built by Doctor Octopus in the maintenance tunnels beneath the Daily Bugle. Looking around, his spider-sense warns him that a self-destruct system has been rigged into the power control computer. Should the full power be activated it would trigger an explosion that will destroy the entire lab.That's when the Lizard enters the room. Assuring Spider-Man that Connors is back in control, he apologizes for attacking the hero earlier and asks him not to interfere with his experiments. He explains that he survived their last encounter because of the magic used to control him. They somehow caused his body to randomly switch between warm and cold blood, thus surviving his apparent watery grave. Lost in the sewers and confused, the Lizard eventually found the lab abandoned by Doctor Octopus. With his human persona struggling for dominance, he discovered the equipment needed to potentially cure or control his transformations. However, he needed some of Billy's DNA in order to do it. Hearing this plan, Spider-Man tells the Lizard that to run this experiment will risk killing himself. Before he can explain the self-destruct mechanism, the Lizard loses his temper and attacks. He slams the wall-crawler through the wall, pushing them both out into the sewers. There, the web-slinger finds himself on the defensive as he doesn't want to hurt Curt Connors. Ultimately, the Lizard causes a cave in that pins Spider-Man to the ground. As Connors' mind reasserts itself, Spider-Man tries to warn him about the self-destruct sequence, but the Lizard refuses to listen to him. As the Lizard slips back into the lab, Spider-Man tries to free himself, but can't get enough leverage.At that moment, in Queens, Aunt May answers the door and is greeted by Richard and Mary Parker. This comes as a shock to her as she thought they were dead and faints. Back in the sewers, Spider-Man continues to struggle to get free. He briefly considers leaving Curt Connors to his fate, but then remembers how his own inaction led to the death of his Uncle Ben, and reminds himself that he vowed never to let that happen again. The wall-crawler tries one more time to get free, and this time manages to push all the rubble off of him. Unfortunately, by the time Spider-Man re-enters the lab, the Lizard has already activated the machine, triggering the self-destruct sequence. Unable to shut it off, the wall-crawler fears that smashing the device might set it off sooner. Quick thinking, Spider-Man deduces that a sensor on the device triggers the self-destruct by sending a signal. Hoping his spider-tracers could disrupt that signal, the hero attaches one to a web-line and runs it down into the machine. Although Spider-Man is stunned by the jolt of electricity, his gambit works and the bomb does not go off.That's when Billy enters the room, intent on killing his father in order to spare his family more misery caused by the Lizard. Spider-Man tries to tell the boy to stop, but is still too weak to move. However, when Curt Connors, human once more, turns to face his son, Billy loses his nerve. Curt explains that he has finally managed to repress his Lizard persona, and although he has to pay for the crimes he committed as the Lizard he assures Billy that he is back to normal and they can someday be a family again. Happy, Billy bursts into tears and runs to hug his father. When Spider-Man returns home to his apartment in Soho, Mary Jane is waiting for him. She explains that his Aunt May had called and was upset about something big. Not knowing what it is, Peter quickly changes out of his costume and he and Mary Jane take a cab to Queens. When they arrive at May's house, they see no outward signs of danger. Inside, May tells Peter that there are some guests here to see them and introduces him to Richard and Mary Parker... His parents.Having come to his Aunt May's house, Peter Parker has been introduced to two people who claim to be his long-dead parents, Richard and Mary Parker, a revelation that Peter finds difficult to believe. After going to the bathroom for a drink of water, Peter returns to the living room where he admits to everyone there that he is having a hard time processing this recent development. Auny May explains that she called the State Department, and they have confirmed that these are his parents as their identities were confirmed when they were debriefed in Germany. Feeling the same stress as her husband, Mary Jane goes to light up a cigarette until Aunt May reminds her that there is no smoking in the house. Still, Peter finds this difficult to believe because he had heard his parents died in a plane crash.That's when Richard sits Peter down and tries to explain what happened. He reminds everyone how he and his wife Mary were agents for the government. It was a job that took them overseas a lot. However, before they could get reassigned state-side, they were approached by the Red Skull, who attempted to recruit them as counter-agents. The pair reported this to their superiors, who insisted that they join up with the Skull as double-agents in order to get evidence to take them down. He explains that the Red Skull became wise to them and sent them on a mission shortly after they arrived in Algeria. However, the Russians were also interested in getting a line on the Red Skull, and unaware that Richard and Mary were double-agents working against the Skull, kidnapped then and faked their deaths so they could be interrogated on Russian soil. They were prisoners of the Russians for years, and after Richard hit one of their interrogators for harming Mary, they were intentionally lost in the system. It wasn't until a recent change in the government that allowed Richard and Mary to be rediscovered and released from prison. After finishing his explanation, Richard cannot believe all of the things that have changed since he has been gone, especially the news that his brother Ben was killed by a burglar. Peter thinks about how he caught the burglar as Spider-Man, and wishes he could tell them this, but can't. Peter tells them that he has a lot to think about and decides it is time to go. When he asks Richard and Mary where they will be staying, Aunt May explains she has opened her doors to them because they are family.Outside, Peter tells Mary Jane to head home because there is something that he needs to do. He quickly rushes off to the bushes to change into Spider-Man and swings off. Mary Jane thinks about how Peter always keeps part of his life private, even from her, because he is Spider-Man and reminds herself that this is what she signed up for when she married him. She then lights up a cigarette before continuing on her way home. Meanwhile, Spider-Man arrives at Avengers Headquarters to try and locate the Red Skull and see if he can verify the story told by the people claiming to be his parents. Captain America allows Spider-Man to use the Avengers database and the news is not good. Not only is the Red Skull reportedly dead, he wasn't even the one who tried to recruit his parents. The wall-crawler learns that there was a communist agent who took on the Red Skull's identity after the war, and it was he who kidnapped his parents, and that he too is also dead. With no further avenues to pursue, Spider-Man leaves Avengers Headquarters, wondering what he would do next. Over the next few days, life tries to go on as normal. Aunt May tries to get used to living with her in-laws, realizing how much about them that she has forgotten. While Mary Jane is having a hard time performing her role on the set "Secret Hospital". While Peter can't follow focus on his classes.Eventually, things reach a point where Peter wants to be certain of what the truth is. Peter tries going through official channels but is stonewalled by typical government bureaucracy. He then tries going to the Daily Bugle. Although J. Jonah Jameson finds it an interesting story, tells Peter that research takes time. With no other options, Peter decides to change into Spider-Man and web-sling for blowing off some steam. He later comes to the aid of a window washer when his scaffold breaks. After completing this rescue, he suddenly thinks how a dead body was found at the Red Skull's hideout, but they weren't able to confirm if it was truly the Red Skull. Since the authorities couldn't confirm this, Spider-Man wonders if he can determine it himself. Peter Parker travels to Washington, D.C., and swings past the building that served as the Red Skull's hideout. As he does so, his spider-sense goes off, and he presumes it is because of building security and heads off. However, his spider-sense was warning him that he was being observed by someone in the employ of the Red Skull. From his headquarters in the Rocky Mountains, the Red Skull and his ally, the Viper, learn about Spider-Man's presence in the area. The Red Skull remembers his last encounter with the wall-crawler and has some orders for his minions in Washington to follow in regards to the hero.Later, Spider-Man breaks into the office building and finds a group of the Red Skull's Sweat Shop operatives. The wall-crawler gives them chase and easily wraps them all up. Unfortunately, he learns that the data he is looking for was recently stolen by Solo, who had attacked the facility recently. Frustrated by this setback, Spider-Man demands to know where the secret operation that Solo is going after and leaves.While back in Queens, Aunt May finds Richard going through Peter's old bedroom looking at a high school yearbook. Discovering that May is watching, he begins to cry over how much of his son's life that he had missed. While back in the Rocky's, the Red Skull is informed that Spider-Man took the bait. To ensure that the wall-crawler has a warm reception, the Red Skull assigns the Taskmaster to eliminate the hero.Spider-Man arrives on an estate near Alexandria, Virginia, investigating a secret project in the hopes it will lead him to the Red Skull so he can learn the truth about the apparent return of his parents. On the way, his spider-sense kicks in warning him of someone following him from behind. Leaping around and webbing up his pursuer, Spider-Man discovers that it is the anti-terror vigilante known as Solo. Since they are both going after the Red Skull, Spider-Man suggests that they work together, even though he doesn't like the prospect of working with a murderer like Solo. As they approach the facility, they find no guards or security systems to greet them. When they enter the building, they are greeted by the Taskmaster who informs them that they will be fighting some of his best students. He then introduces Death-Shield, Jagged Bow, and Blood Spider, warriors who have been trained in the fighting styles of Captain America, Hawkeye, and Spider-Man respectively. Solo begins opening fire, his opening salvo dodged or deflected by their opponents. Spider-Man is horrified and insists that Solo not kill anybody. Solo resigns to Spider-Man's request but makes no promises. When their foes ambush them, Spider-Man leaps out of the way of Jagged Bow's arrows, but Solo is caught in Blood Spider's webs. This is only a minor annoyance to Solo who teleports out of the trap and ambushes Jagged Bow. Meanwhile, Death-Shield tries to crush Spider-Man by pinning him to the wall with his weapon. However, Spider-Man webs up his eyes and arms, forcing the assassin to pull away. That's when Blood Spider leaps in, but he is no match for Spider-Man. Seeing his assassins losing the battle, the Taskmaster decides that it is time for him to leave. His departure is seen by Spider-Man who tries to stop the Taskmaster from escaping. When Spider-Man begins gaining the upper-hand, he is ambushed from behind by Blood Spider. While Spider-Man is dealing with this new threat, the Taskmaster manages to escape. With the Taskmaster's minions defeated, Solo informs the wall-crawler that he discovered that the Red Skull intends to attack on Columbus Day festivities in New York City. Although he is still reluctant to work with thew wall-crawler, Solo agrees to meet with him in Battery Park the next day after Spider-Man can do some research. With that, Solo teleports away stating his slogan, "While I live, terror dies!" With that, Spider-Man heads off, satisfied that he can at least keep Solo on a leash.Meanwhile, the Taskmaster reports his failure to the Red Skull at his hideout in the Rocky Mountains. After hearing this, Viper asks the Skull if he is canceling his Columbus Day plans. The Red Skull intends to carry on with his plans, intending to deal with Spider-Man should he interfere. The following morning in New York City, Peter Parker wakes up to find his wife Mary Jane bringing him breakfast in bed. He confides to Mary Jane that he can't trust the fact that his parents are alive after 20 years of thinking they were dead until he can confirm or deny it. Just then, the woman claiming to be Mary Parker calls and leaves a voicemail asking for Peter to join her and her husband for lunch. Mary Jane tells Peter that he's going to have to face these people soon, Peter knows, but he needs more time. While in Queens, Mary decides to ask May to come out for lunch with them instead.Later that day, Peter Parker goes to the Daily Bugle and looks up every article about the upcoming Columbus Day celebrations but can't figure out where the Red Skull might strike. Spotting Joy Mercado, Peter asks her if she knows of anything. After agreeing to let her in on a few of his next few exclusives, she tells him what she knows. That evening, Spider-Man swings to Battery Park to meet up with Solo. He finds the vigilante waiting for him in the shadows. Spider-Man explains that a Japanese official is scheduled to making a surprise speech at the ceremonies. This is all part of meetings to begin discussions into trade negotiations to ease relations. The assassination of this official could set back relations between the two countries. Solo thanks Spider-Man for the information, telling the wall-crawler that they will meet the following day and teleports away. A half-hour later, as the delegate arrives by boat, gunmen try to shoot him. However, Solo teleports in and begins mowing down the killers with his automatic weapons. Spider-Man leaps in and reminds Solo that he promised not to kill anybody. Suddenly, a number of ULTIMATUM forces come in with guns blazing.In the cross-fire, Spider-Man and Solo notice that members of the NYPD SWAT team is ushering the Japanese delegate into a nearby warehouse. Solo wonders why they aren't taking the official out of the combat zone. This makes Spider-Man suspicious and decides to go and check it out. As it turns out the SWAT team are actually members of ULTIMATUM in disguise. Although Spider-Man manages to spoil their attempts to kill the terrorists, one of them manages to grab the Japanese official. However, before any harm can be done, Solo teleports in and sucker punches the ULTIMATUM assassin. With the danger over, Spider-Man is about to try and apprehend Solo when he hears something on the other side of a pile of crates. Thinking they missed one of the terrorists, Spider-Man goes to see and discovers that it is only a technician looking over the security monitors. From them, he can see that the police have arrived on the scene and the situation is getting under control. Unfortunately, this distraction allows Solo enough time to recharge his powers and he teleports away. Spider-Man returns his attention to the technician and usurps his computer so he can gain access to the Red Skull's files via the internet connection. As he begins looking through the files on his parents, it appears that the Red Skull's documents confirm their story. However, before he can get all the way through the files, his spider-sense warns him of danger. He leaps out of the way just as an ULTIMATUM agent opens fire, destroying the computer.In the aftermath of the battle, the Red Skull is informed that a data breach was prevented from the attack site. The Red Skull presumes that it was Spider-Man, but has other business to attend to and will reserve trying to kill the hero some other time. Back at the scene, Spider-Man is still present as the authorities take the ULTIMATUM members. Among the press is Joy Mercado, who asks Spider-Man when he and Solo became partners. The wall-crawler tries to explain that they aren't partners, and eventually gets frustrated trying to explain himself and web-swings away. As Spider-Man swings away, his spider-sense begins giving off a low buzz which he dismisses as the general danger of living in a city, unaware that he is being observed by a small mechanical spider.Swinging across the city, Spider-Man is suddenly attacked by a strange robotic creature. He manages to avoid the opening salvo, but he is confused as to why the thing is attacking him. He quickly webs up the creature, unaware that there is a small mechanical spider is observing the battle. Unfortunately, the wall-crawler's webbing can't stop the creature to rip the webbing apart. As the hero struggles to find a way to contain the robot, a group of construction workers witnesses the battle. One of the men wants to help Spider-Man because the hero saved his son when Carnage attacked a rock concert not long ago. Picking up a jackhammer, the construction worker manages to impale it through the creature's neck. The robot whips the man away, but the attack gives Spider-Man a chance to leap onto the robot and rip the head off the machine. With the danger over, Spider-Man thanks to the construction worker for his help and swings away. As he leaves the scene, the mechanical spider scurries away. Spider-Man eventually arrives at the Daily Bugle, his mind still troubled about the fact that his parents have somehow returned from the dead. After picking up his paycheck, Peter overhears Ben Urich and other reporters talking about the small mechanical spiders that have been seen all over the city. Overhearing this, J. Jonah Jameson comes out of his office and opines that it's probably Spider-Man up to something no good. This is the first Peter has heard of these mechanical spiders but wonders if they have anything to do with the robot that attacked him. Changing back into Spider-Man, Peter returns to his apartment in Soho where he discovers that Felicia Hardy is waiting for him. She explains that she had heard from her boyfriend Flash Thompson about the apparent return of Peter's parents and has come to see how he is handling this situation. That's when Peter's wife Mary Jane calls and reminds Peter that he is due in Forest Hills so he can show his parents around the city.While Peter is still uncertain about his parents, he brushes off Felicia's questions about putting off this meeting. While in Queens, Aunt May tries to bow out of the trip to the city. However, Richard insists that May come along, telling her that they don't intend to replace her in Peter's life, reminding May that they are all family. By the time Peter arrives in Forest Hills, he spots someone lurking outside Aunt May's house. When he confronts the man, he learns that he is an FBI agent named Charles Shaddock. Shaddock tells Parker that he is involved in an official FBI investigation and warns Peter about interfering again in the future. Soon, Peter and Mary Jane are showing Richard and Mary around Manhattan. The couple are surprised by how much things have changed, for better or for worse in the city. When they decide to go out for something to eat, Peter spots a purse snatching and tells his family that he is going to call the police. In reality, he changes into Spider-Man and easily webs up the thief. However, his spider-sense begins going off again and he is ambushed by another robot. This one a flying bird-of-prey type creature with three spear-tipped "tail feathers". The wall-crawler tries to get the robot away from innocent people but ends up maneuvering it toward where Mary Jane and the Parkers are. Richard and Mary are shocked to see this costumed hero, and are told that it is Spider-Man. When the creature starts shooting projectiles out of its mouth, threatening innocent people, Spider-Man decides to go on the offensive. He quickly ends the battle by driving his fist into the robot's head, causing it to fall harmlessly to the ground. With the battle over, Spider-Man slips away to change back into Peter Parker and rejoin his family. As his alleged parents suggest Peter move to the suburbs, Peter wonders who is sending these robots after him and why. Meanwhile, at a secret facility, a muscular man in a high tech wheelchair has been observing the battles with Spider-Man and the robots. He is the one who created them and assures that this is merely the beginning.On his way to Empire State University, Spider-Man is web-slinging across the city when suddenly his spider-sense goes off. Spider-Man fears this might lead to an attack from yet another robot like the ones he fought recently. Deciding to get out of site, Spider-Man slips into a dark alley and once his spider-sense dies down, he changes back into Peter Parker and continues the rest of the way on foot. Not far away, a technician is running tracking equipment in an unmarked van and curses Spider-Man's speed. However, he is certain that they will be able to find the wall-crawler the next time he pops up.Meanwhile, Peter arrives at Empire State University to meet with the couple alleging to be his parents, his wife Mary Jane, Flash Thompson and Felicia Hardy. Peter then shows his alleged parents around the ESU campus. Richard expresses how proud he is of Peter for continuing his education. Hearing Peter and Flash exchanging quips about their time in high school cause Mary to cry because it reminds her of how much time they lost while they were imprisoned for the last 20 years. Flash notices that Peter looks shaky, and asks what's going on. Peter quietly tells Flash that he isn't sure these people are really his parents. Flash understands, given the circumstances, and tells Peter to hang tough. Later, in the cafeteria, Peter overhears some students that Electro has been spotted fighting with a SWAT team two blocks away. Peter tells the others that he's going to go and take pictures for the Daily Bugle. When Felicia offers to come along, Peter tells her that there is nothing to do. This upsets Felicia who vows to herself that it will be the last time Peter ever tell her that. When Peter is gone, Mary Jane pulls out a cigarette and lights it up in the cafeteria. When one of the students tells her that she's not allowed to smoke inside, she tells him that she needs the cigarette more than he doesn't.Outside, Spider-Man heads to the scene of the battle and spots FBI Agent Shaddock watching the school and wonders what he wants. With no time to waste he continues on unaware that he has been spotted by the man monitoring his movements. This technician reports to his master, the mysterious cyborg in a high tech wheelchair, who is operating out of a facility. Pondering the situation before a number of people who are strapped into special restraints, he decides to deploy a suitable unit to battle the wall-crawler. Back in the city, Electro is using his electrical powers to keep the police at bay after robbing a briefcase full of diamonds. Spider-Man swings in an staggers Electro with a blow to the face. He then webs up the villain, but before he can take him down for the count, his spider-sense goes off to warn him of something from above. He narrowly dodges a beam that is fired by a humanoid looking robot. While Spider-Man is dodging this new attacker, Electro uses his powers to burn through the webbing. Spider-Man finds himself on the defensive trying to fight off his two foes. In order to get away from the two killers, the wall-crawler leaps inside a building slated for demolition. The humanoid follows after him. Ultimately, Spider-Man manages to web up the humanoid enough to incapacitate it. When it starts burning through the webbing with its helmet mounted laser. Needing to get some space, Spider-Man leaps out the nearest window only to be blasted to the ground by Electro.As Spider-Man recovers, he notices that Electro is standing over the wires that connect the detonator to the explosives wired into the building. When Electro fires another blast, Spider-Man leaps upward, and the electrical bolts strike the wires. this trigges the demolition charges, that building collapses. Pulling himself out of the rubble, Spider-Man can find no sign of Electro. Suddenly, the severed head of the other attacker tumbles to the ground, and Spider-Man discovers he was fighting yet another robot. As he leaves the scene, the only foe Spider-Man can think of that has that sort of technical expertise is the Tinkerer. Meanwhile, at the Tinkerer's hideout, Felicia Hardy meets with the criminal inventor. He has just finished creating new equipment for her. Felicia is pleased, especially when she can see the expression on the face of a certain spider...The Scorpion has just purchased a new tail from the Tinkerer with added features, including an electrified tail. After a test run, the Tinkerer insists on giving it another once over. The Scorpion allows for it, as he is willing to wait a little longer to finally kill J. Jonah Jameson. While at the Soho apartment shared by Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane, Peter paces the ceiling. He has begun to worry about his career as Spider-Man, now that his parents are apparently back from the dead. He is worried about how they would feel if he was hurt or killed. Mary Jane responds to this sarcastically as Peter seems to care more about their feelings than hers. Peter reminds Mary Jane that she knows he's really Spider-Man and know what she signed up for when they got married.When he asks for Mary Jane to be strong, he kisses her on the lips and is immediately disgusted by the taste of cigarettes on her breath. This is not received very well by Mary Jane, who tells him that she smokes in order to cope. After a moment of silence, Peter leaves to follow up on the leads he got on the Tinkerer. Peter suspects that his old foe might be responsible for the series of robots that have been attacking him recently. Arriving outside of the Tinkerer's lab, Peter changes into Spider-Man and as he stakes the place out, he is spotted by one of the many mechanical spiders that have been tacking the wall-crawler's activities in the city. Before he goes in, Spider-Man is shocked to see Felicia Hardy leaving the Tinkerer's warehouse headquarters. Meanwhile, at the Department of Motor Vehicles, Richard and Mary Parker wait in line to get their driver's licenses reinstated. They make small talk until they realize that they are trying to avoid talking about Peter. On their way out, they bump into FBI Agent Charles Shaddock, who asks Richard if he remembers him. Richard says he doesn't because his memory is spotty. As they walk away, Shaddock wonders if he can trust the Parkers not remembering who he is and decides that he can't take the risk. While back at the Tinkerer's warehouse, Spider-Man confronts Felicia to know what she is doing seeing the Tinkerer. Felicia assures him that she is not going back into crime, but wants to be his partner again. She starts showing off the technology to replicate her lost powers, starting with special earrings that compensate her balance allowing her to always land on her feet. Before she can explain anymore, Spider-Man's spider-sense begins going off. He narrowly avoids tail blasts fired from the Scorpion's tail. The villain had spotted the wall-crawler when he came to get his costume and decided to destroy him once and for all.Spider-Man dodges the Scorpion's tail and asks Felicia what other equipment she has on her other than the earrings. She tells her nothing, and so Spider-Man shoves her away and tells her to get to safety. As Spider-Man lures the Scorpion up to the rooftops, Felicia refuses to stand by and let the wall-crawler handle this situation by himself. On the roof, Spider-Man easily avoids the Scorpion's attacks. This changes when he is attacked by another robot with a flexible body. It wraps himself around Spider-Man's limbs and necks. He recognizes the design but finds it's creation impossible. As he struggles to get free, the Scorpion takes advantage of the situation and begins slugging the masked hero. That's when Felicia leaps in to his aid. The Hardy woman angers the Scorpion before leaping onto the robot on Spider-Man's back. She whispers to the web-slinger to hold still and trust her. Sure enough, the Scorpion tries to attack her with his tail. She leaps out of the way and the spike on the tail's end ends up sticking through the robot. The robot lets go of Spider-Man and wrap itself around the Scorpion's tail. When he tries the built-in electronic shocks, it causes feedback that makes the robot blow up, wrecking the Scorpion's tail.Spider-Man explains that he was attacked by an amoeboid robot, recognizing the design because he fought one before in the past. The Scorpion tells the wall-crawler they'll meet again and he flees. After checking with Felicia, Spider-Man takes off to catch the Scorpion. Unfortunately, he loses track of the Scorpion and doubles back to meet up with Felicia. There, they discover that the Tinkerer split while they were fighting the Scorpion. Since Spider-Man remembers who designed the ameboid robot, Felicia suggests they go on and look for him. Unfortunately, it's not that easy, explains Spider-Man, since the inventor, a man named Mendel Stromm has been dead for years.Felicia Hardy shows off her new Black Cat costume to Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane. Not only this, but she shows off the devices that the Tinkerer created for her to compensate for her lost powers. These include earrings that help with her balance and agility, strength boosting costume, claws built into her gloves, and special contacts that allow her to see in the dark. Peter is impressed, but asks her what her boyfriend Flash Thompson thinks of all this. Felicia explains that she hasn't told him, since it's not publicly known that she was the Black Cat, she wants to keep it a secret since she doesn't know how he'd feel about her costumed identity, and the constant danger it comes with. Lighting up a cigarette, Mary Jane sarcastically comments about how knowing could drive someone to smoke. Later, Peter and Mary Jane join the couple claiming to be his parents on a walk to Barkley Park. Although the couple claiming to be Richard and Mary Parker remember taking Peter her when he was still a child, they don't remember how the family dog, Mitzy, nearly drowned in the lake. When Peter begins questioning them on why they can't remember. That's when Mary Jane pulls him aside and tells him to take it easy on them, reminding Peter that they spent the past 20 years in a Russian prison and the fact that they can't remember something so insignificant is not a big deal. This causes Richard and Mary to try and remember how many things they can't remember. Richard suggests they look up this Agent Shaddock they met the night before, as he may help them remember some of the blanks of their memories. When he suggests that they tell Peter about the idea, however, Mary points to the arguing couple and suggests that Peter has other problems to worry about.That night, Peter and Felicia are driving to Long Island to investigate the robots that have been attacking him recently. After this last robot proved to be an ameboid robot, like one designed by the late Mendel Stromm. Although Peter states that Mendel Stromm is dead and buried, his old assistant was still alive and was institutionalised. When nobody at the asylum wanted to speak to Peter over the phone, he has decided to go and question them in person. At the facility, they meet with Dr. Roberts who treated Max Young. He informs them that Max Young is no longer a patient at the facility. He tells Peter and Felicia that Max escaped with a number of other inmates a few months back. The facility is in the process of covering this up, and Roberts warns Parker if he breaths a word of the incident he will sue and tells them to leave. Outside, Felicia's new contacts allow her to spot a mechanical spider that is watching over the facility. The pair then slip into the bushes and change into the costume. Spider-Man leaps up onto the roof to grab the robot spider but it leaps away. It ends up getting impaled on the Black Cat's claws. As the wall-crawler takes a look at it, they are suddenly attacked by another robot. This robot is humanoid in form with a tri-screen is broadcasting images of three different people who are apparently controlling the robot. As they bicker over what to do next, the robot goes crashing through the roof, sending itself, Spider-Man and the Black Cat crashing into the indoor swimming pool below. Dodging the ray blasts from the robot's fingers, Spider-Man recognises the faces on screen as Max Young. He quickly deduces that each face represents a different aspect of Young's fractured personality. As Spider-Man tries to leap away, the robot snags him with a grappling cable and pulled back. However, before the web-slinger can be pulled into the robot's laser beams, the Black Cat leaps up and cuts the wall-crawler free. That's when Doctor Roberts enters the room to see what's going on. Max wants to kill the doctor but the others remind him to stay on task. Spider-Man decides to play against Max's mental illness by offering to kill Roberts himself. The arguing personalities soon get violent with each other with one commanding the robot to blow its own head off. This severs the connection and the inert robot topples over into the pool.In the aftermath of the battle, Doctor Roberts fears that one of the other escaped patients, namely Alistair Smythe. This catches Spider-Man's attention and the hero is told that Smythe orchestrated the escape along with a group of the facilities most gifted and dangerous patients. That's when Roberts recalls that Alistair's father Spencer was an old foe of the wall-crawler. Spider-Man and the Black Cat leave the facility soon after. Spider-Man has nearly forgot about the Smythe family and their Spider-Slayers, and suggests they start looking for Alistaire Smythe immediately.Meanwhile, in Queens, Richard and Mary Parker meet with Agent Shaddock near Aunt May's house. Much to their surprise, he pulls out a gun and orders them to get into the car.Following the failure of the various Spider-Slayer robots, Alistair Smythe refuses to let himself go into his impotent rages of past failures, as he has upgraded his body and become the Ultimate Spider-Slayer. The recent failure of the Spider-Slayer created by Max Young has deeply disappointed Smythe who responds by electrocuting Young as punishment. He tells his other captives to remember that here, he is god.Meanwhile, Peter Parker and Felicia Hardy have returned to Queens after their recent battle at an upstate institution. Arriving at Aunt May's house, he spots the people claiming to be his parents being shown into the car of FBI agent Charles Shaddock. Unsure of what is going on, Peter manages to tag Shaddock's car with a spider-tracer in case he has to find them later. Peter is welcomed by his Aunt May when he enters her home, but she is less than enthusiastic to see Felicia Hardy. Peter calls the FBI to try and learn what he can about Agent Shaddock but gets the runaround. After suggesting to May that he and Mary Jane come over for dinner. On the way out, Peter tells Felicia that this situation is getting personal, and gives her a chance to bow out if she wants. However, Felicia insists on tagging along.Changing into costume, Spider-Man and the Black Cat begin searching the city. Using his spider-sense he tracks the signal from his spider-tracer. To ensure that they are not interrupted by another Spider-Slayer attack, they are remaining vigilant for Smythe's miniature surveillance spiders. Unfortunately, as they pass over a construction site, they are attacked by a massive mechanical black widow spider. The Black Cat is able to cut it's web, sending it crashing to the ground below. On the steel girders, the pair remark how easy it was to defeat this Spider-Slayer when they are almost ambushed by two more robots, one fashioned after a tarantula and the other as after a scorpion. The pair split up to deal in order to deal with each threat. Spider-Man is followed by the tarantula robot and tricks it into leaping off the building. Although he thinks both it and the black widow were destroyed, the two find each other and the Black Widow climbs up on top of the tarantula. Meanwhile, the Black Cat is not having much luck damaging the scorpion robot with her talon-knives. She gets caught in the robot's clutches and it begins to squeeze until she screams in agony. Spider-Man comes to her rescue, striking the scorpion with a steel girder, freeing the Black Cat and knocking the scorpion to the ground.As the Black Cat recovers from the attack, the pair are ambushed by the three robots, that have combined into a single gestalt form. While they fight, Spider-Man deduces that high voltage electricity might short out the robots. To this end, the Black Cat slices open the robot with her claws. This allows the wall-crawler to toss a live wire into the open circuitry. There is a powerful jolt of electricity and although Spider-Man leaps to safety, the Black Cat is jolted by it. The robot is destroyed, but the Black Cat still needs time to recover from the jolt she got and tells Spider-Man to continue going after his parents ahead of her. Following the spider-tracer signal, Spider-Man tracks Richard and Mary to an industrial park in Canarsie. By this point, he has changed back into Peter Parker in order to keep a low profile. He slips into the meat processing plant where Shaddock has taken his parents. From the rafters, Peter can see the people who allege to be his parents. They are being held at gunpoint by Shaddock, who reveals that he was one of the spies who worked by the Red Skull.As Peter walks along the ceiling beams, his spider-sense warns him that the wood has gotten rotten. Unfortunately, when he leaps from one beam to the other, it breaks under his weight. Peter goes falling through some pipes, getting blasted with the freezing compound used to keep the meat at the plant fresh. His luck continues to work against him as he lands on a conveyor belt that leads to an incinerator. With his secrecy blown, Shaddock activates the conveyor, sending the stunned Peter Parker closer to the flames.When FBI agent Charles Shaddock kidnapped the people claiming to be his parents, Peter Parker followed them to an abandoned meat packing plant to save them. Falling from the rafters, Peter finds himself on a conveyor belt heading to an incinerator. Shaddock is unconcerned about killing another person if it means covering up his ties with the Red Skull twenty years ago. Faced with the death of their son immanent, Richard decides to do something. He tries to subdue Shaddock, only to be caught in a headlock. Although Peter has recovered and gotten off the conveyor belt at this point, Richard is now being held prisoner at gunpoint. When the Parkers agree to follow his order, Richard is let go. However, Peter knows that Shaddock is still going to kill them. Using the darkness as cover, Peter manages to slip on one of his web-shooters, Peter manages to snare Charles' foot with a web-line and trip him up. Peter quickly knocks Shaddock out, ending his threat. Once the authorities are called, Peter is pulled aside by Agent Abrahms of the FBI. Recognizing Peter as a Daily Bugle photographer, he asks Peter to kill this story as it could be embarrassing for the Bureau. Peter decides to make a deal. Giving Abrahams one of the tracking devices he took from one of Alistair Smythe's mechanical spiders. Giving him a cover story about it being a school project, he hopes the FBI can figure out how it works faster than he could. Abrahams agrees to help, telling Peter that he will be in touch.Later, Peter returns Richard and Mary to his Aunt May's house, where May owes her apparent in-laws a debt of gratitude for saving Peter. Pulling his wife aside, Peter tells Mary Jane that the encounter with Charles Shaddock seems to give his parent's story some credibility and perhaps he should give them a chance. Mary Jane then asks how Felicia is doing, after she was injured during Smythe's latest attack. Peter hasn't checked,as he wants to handle this on their own because Smythe almost caused the death of both Felicia and his parents. That's when he gets a call from Agent Abrahams and tells Mary Jane he needs to go. Mary Jane tells Peter that he should let someone else handle it, but he tells her that he has to do this on his own. As Peter leaves, Mary Jane goes outside for a cigarette. She wishes Peter could see how much the risks he takes as Spider-Man hurts her. She tries to justify her taking up smoking again, trying to convince herself that she can quit at any time.Using his old spider-tracer tracker to follow the signals to Alistaire Smythe's secret headsquarters. Sneaking inside, Spider-Man finds himself in a darkened room. Suddenly, the lights go on, and he finds himself surrounded by Smythe's fellow mental patients whom he broke out and confined to restraint chairs. That's when Alistaire Smythe arrives in his own motorized wheelchair. Spider-Man is shocked by how much he has changed since the last time he saw his foe. Smythe explains that after his last defeat at Spider-Man's hand, he was institutionalized. Seething with hatred, he picked the minds of the other patients to develop his army of Spider-Slayers. He then activates the weapons he built in his prisoner's chairs. Suddenly, wires fire out, carring powerful electrical currents. Spider-Man wrapped up in them, but manages to pull the wires loose before he is electrocuted.That's when Smythe emerges from his wheelchair, much to Spider-Man's surprise. He explains that the development of the biorganic carapace on his outer body has brought him to peak physical perfection and repaired the damage done to his spine. Not only this but as the body begins to grow pincers and spikes, he reveals that he has turned himself into the "Ultimate Spider-Slayer". In the ensuing battle, Spider-Man is overpowered and slammed into one of the restraint chairs, freeing the man trapped in it. The wall-crawler asks him to call the authorities but is told that the room was locked tight the moment Spider-Man arrived in the room. With his newfound strength, agility, and built-in web-shooters, Smythe is able to subdue Spider-Man. Before he can kill him, the freed patient tries to convince Alistair to spare the wall-crawler, only to be killed himself. Seeing Smythe kill the man in cold blood angers Spider-Man. The hero manages to break free from Alistaire's webbing and knock him out with a few quick, yet powerful blows. Later, Peter takes Mary Jane out for dinner to make up for how he had been neglecting her of late. He tells her that Smythe has been incarcerated and his prisoners returned to the institution. With the tracking device, he and the Avengers were able to track down and destroy the rest of Smythe's tracking devices. Peter then tells Mary Jane that he has decided to reveal to his parents that he is really Spider-Man, confident that they really are his parents. It's a huge risk, but he points out that, much like their marriage, it is worth the risks.Below the Thrill World amusement park in Brooklyn, Eddie Brock exercises to bring himself to peak strength for his next attempt to kill Spider-Man. Needing the added boost from his symbiote, Brock turns into Venom to lift the heavyweight. Still believing that Spider-Man is to blame for ruining his life goes into a rampage. He wants to destroy the wall-crawler once-and-for-all, but a recent development he learned upon his recent escape from custody has changed things. As he wills the symbiote to turn into normal street-clothing, Brock looks at a newspaper clipping showing Peter Parker reunited with a couple claiming to be his parents.Meanwhile, the Parkers have gone to Central Park to skate. Peter is able to skate circles around everyone but intentionally slips in order to cover for his spider-abilities. His wife Mary Jane comes up to him and tells him that he doesn't need to try so hard, as it's clear that his parents love him. When Peter notices what time it is, he tells his family that he needs to get to class and then go by the Daily Bugle. Running late, Peter slips into the forest to change into Spider-Man and web-slings away. Seeing Spider-Man passing by, Mary Jane pulls out a cigarette and begins to smoke. When Mary points out that smoking is bad for her heath, Mary Jane agrees, saying that she will quit again soon, as soon as she is no longer under so much stress. Later that day, Peter Parker is at the Daily Bugle looking for news tips for photo assignments. Joy Mercado has nothing for him, but Ben Urich mentions how Venom had broken out of jail the night before. Hearing this, Peter rushes off, just as J. Jonah Jameson is about to invite Parker into his office. Seeing Parker leave in such a hurry, Jonah is told that he is probably going to get the coop on Venom. Jameson returns to his office, suddenly inspired on how to get a Daily Bugle exclusive on this recent development. There he picks up the phone and tells his secretary to put in a call with the Symkarian Embassy. While on the roof of the Daily Bugle, Peter fears that Venom may target his parents and quickly changes into Spider-Man in the hopes of finding them. While in Lower Manhattan, Mary Jane, Mary, and Richard are seeing May off on a city bus. After May is gone, they are approached by Eddie Brock, who asks Richard and Mary if they are the parents of Peter Parker. Recognizing Eddie Brock, Mary Jane spots Spider-Man coming by and calls out his name. Seeing the wall-crawler, Brock turns into Venom, telling the Parkers not to worry, as he will protect them from the web-slinger. Seeing Venom leaping up at him fills Spider-Man with a sense of relief. However, his foe manages to over-power the wall-crawler, knocking him into the middle of the Winterfest parade. Fearing for the safety of the people around him, Spider-Man is ambushed by Venom. Spider-Man lays into Venom and then tries to lure him away from the crowd by leaping up onto the parade balloons. Venom doesn't follow along, instead of bursts the balloon by throwing a parking meter through it. Venom then begins beating on Spider-Man some more, until they are interrupted by a police officer who orders Venom to stop. When the villain refuses, the officer tries to shoot Venom with a shotgun. Unfortunately, the bullets do nothing to harm Brock and he responds by covering the officer's face with webbing. Spider-Man fights past Venom and quickly rips the webbing off before it can adhere to the officer's face before it can stick. This leaves the web-slinger open for yet another attack from Venom. This time, the blows from the maniac sends Spider-Man crashing through the window of a department store. Finding more innocent people inside, the web-slinger tries to lure Venom away again. Unfortunately, the psychopath is distracted when a clown in the store tells Venom to leave the children alone. Trying to show that he is no threat to innocent children, Venom is sprayed in the face with mace by the clown. In response, Venom knocks him out with a single punch.When Spider-Man looks back to see where Venom is, he sees his foe trying to comfort a frightened little girl. Thinking that Venom might harm the girl, Spider-Man swings in and attacks. Spider-Man fires webbing into Brock's face, but the symbiote easily rips it off. This leaves Brock's face uncovered by the symbiote, and Spider-Man strikes. However, this advantage quickly ends as Venom regains the edge and beats Spider-Man into unconciousness. When he wakes up, he finds that Venom is gone. Fearing the worst, Spider-Man goes looking for Mary Jane and his parents. He soon finds Mary Jane talking to the police. When he asks her what happened, Mary Jane tells Spider-Man that Venom had just kidnapped her husband's parents.Venom has kidnapped Richard and Mary Parker and taken them to his hideout at the Thrill World theme park in Brooklyn. He tells the Parkers that he belongs to them now. When they beg not to be hurt, Venom explains that he doesn't want to hurt them, but keep them safe from Spider-Man. Richard and Mary are confused, wondering what they have to do with Spider-Man. This comes as a shock to Brock, who quickly realizes that Peter Parker has not told his parents that he is really Spider-Man. However, he refuses to tell them the truth, as he wants to preserve their innocence. Meanwhile, Spider-Man web-slings across the city to get to the Daily Bugle, hoping he can find some clue as to where Venom may have taken his parents at the Daily Bugle. Landing on the roof of the Bugle Building, Spider-Man changes back into Peter Parker and enters the building. On his way to the Bugle's archives, Peter notices that J. Jonah Jameson's office door is closed, and figures that Jonah is working on something important. On the other side of the door, J. Jonah Jameson has put in another call to the Symkaria Embassy, demanding to speak with Silver Sable. Sable takes the call and informs Jonah that she will not be providing him with hourly updates. He hired them to hunt down Venom, and she assures him that they will get the job done. After she hangs up, Jonah is angry at first but calms himself down by remembering that he hired the Wild Pack in order to get an exclusive for the Daily Bugle.Hours later, Peter Parker is at the 34th Street high rise where Ann Weying lives. Parker had learned that Ann used to be the wife of Eddie Brock before he became Venom. Unfortunately, when Peter tries to go in through the front, Ann tells the doorman to send him away. Not giving up, Parker changes into Spider-Man and enters Ann's apartment. She is startled at first and threatens to call the police, but when he explains that her husband has innocent people as prisoners, she relents and agrees to talk. Sitting down to coffee, Ann tells the web-head about her relationship with Eddie Brock. She tells them how in love they were, but he kept a side of his life hidden from her. Particularly, his relationship with his father, Carl Brock, who thought that Eddie's career in journalism was frivolous. After Eddie Brock's interviews with a man Eddie thought was the Sin-Eater were exposed as a hoax, Eddie was fired from the Daily Globe. This drove a wedge between Eddie and his father. After losing his job, Eddie also grew cold toward Ann, ending their marriage in the process. Finishing this recollection, Ann can still remember the shine he used to get in his eyes when he looked at her. Particularly whenever he took her to the Thrill World amusement park. Spider-Man thanks Ann for the information and leaves soon after. Left with her thoughts, Ann wonders if there is anything she can do to help. Suddenly, she gets a moment of inspiration and rushes outside calling for a taxi. As she gets into the cab, she is unaware that she has been under observation from Quentino of the Wild Pack, who reports back to Silver Sable.Later that night, Spider-Man arrives at Thrill World, his only clue to the whereabouts of Venom. His arrival is detected by Venom, who tells the Parkers not to worry, he will protect them from Spider-Man. As he leaves, Richard Parker manages to grab hold of a shattered piece of mirror from the ground and use it to cut through Venom's webbing. Brock confronts Spider-Man, who vows to make Venom pay if he has harmed his parents. The web-slinger is shocked to discover that Brock didn't kidnap his parents to harm them but to protect him from Spider-Man himself. As Ann Weying shows up on the scene, Brock transforms into Venom. Seeing this transformation makes Eddie's ex-wife audibly gasp. When Venom turns around to see who is sneaking up on him, he is surprised to see Ann. Revealing his true face, Eddie is happy to see her, telling her that she looks great. As this situation continues to unfold, a van carrying the Wild Pack arrives on the scene. Ann tries to convince Eddie to turn his life around, give up his desire for his revenge, and let the Parkers go. When she starts getting through to Brock, he is suddenly ambushed by the Wild Pack, who shoot Brock in the back with a sonic gun. Turning back into Venom, Eddie blames Spider-Man, thinking the wall-crawler turned Ann against him and planned this ambush. When Spider-Man tries to explain that he had nothing to do with this attack, Venom attacks him relentlessly. Before he can seriously hurt the web-spinner, the Wild Pack leap in and attack Brock all at once. Recovering from the attack, Spider-Man asks Chen why the Wild Pack has come. She explains that they were hired by the Daily Bugle to take down Venom in order for the newspaper to get an exclusive of his capture. Spotting Lance Bannon taking photos of the battle confirms this for Spider-Man. Suddenly, Powell tries to shoot the wall-crawler, but he dodges out of the way thanks to his spider-sense. Instead, his bullets damage Chen's sonic blaster. As Spider-Man deals with Powell, his parents have finally gotten free and are trying to make their mistake. By this point, Venom punches Battlestar so hard, he slams into the side of an amusement ride, compromising its structural integrity. When Crippler tries to come at Venom with a flamethrower, Venom rips the gun barrel from the fuel supply and throws Crippler into Quentino. That's when Venom hears Richard and Mary calling for help. He sees the couple trapped in a ring of fire created by Crippler's flamethrower. Despite the fact that fire is one of his weaknesses, Venom leaps over the flames and recovers Richard and Mary. He then sends them off with Ann, telling them to get safe.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is dodging Chen's attacks as she tells him to stay out of their way. With no other choice, he knocks Chen out with a single punch. This leaves him open for an ambush from Venom, who has returned his attention to the wall-crawler. As Spider-Man fights for his life, Ann leaves the Parkers with Lance Bannon while she tries to find a way to get Eddie to stop fighting. Venom overpowers Spider-Man and begins smashing the hero into the same amusement park ride, causing even greater damage to the ride. With his head covered with the symbiote, Spider-Man is slowly suffocating as he is being beaten. However, he is saved at the last moment when Quentino manages to get the sonic gun working and unleashes a powerful blast on Venom. However, before he can finish off Venom, Quentino is hit from behind by Ann, knocking him out. Eddie thanks Ann for helping and is about to resume his beating on Spider-Man. This horrifies Ann who can't believe that Eddie would kill another human being and begins to run. Suddenly, the damaged ride begins to tip over, threatening to crush her. Venom leaps in the way and tries to hold it up with his strength. Unfortunately, the blast from the sonic blaster has left him too weak to push it off. Fully recovered, Spider-Man lends his strength and helps Venom save Ann's life.With his ex-wife safe, Venom is about to attack Spider-Man again when Ann stops him. She points out that Spider-Man risked his own life to help save her life. This finally makes Venom realize that Spider-Man actually saves innocent lives and that killing the hero would doom all those that Spider-Man will save in the future. Venom then offers to make a deal with the wall-crawler: He no longer comes after them, and they will not come after him. With no other choice, the wall-crawler agress. However, when Venom fires a web-line at a passing helicopter in order to get away, the hero decides he can't just let Venom go free. He manages to tag his foe with a spider-tracer, but it is detected by the symbiote and crushed. In the aftermath of the battle, Peter tells his wife Mary Jane everything that has happened. However, his attempts to keep tabs on Venom has yielded nothing as the villain has disappeared without a trace. This leaves Peter to wonder if he can take the word of a madman.Spider-Man has sneaked onto the movie set to get some exclusive photos for the Daily Bugle. Unfortunately, he happens upon his foes Styx and Stone on the set of a movie studio. Thinking they are up to some kind of criminal activity, Spider-Man attacks them. That's when filmmaker William Grant enters the room and demands to know what is going on. As it turns out, Grant hired Styx and Stone to protect the studio after a rash of vandalism. When one of the studio security guards pulls a gun in an attempt to get control of the situation, he is killed by the cancerous touch from Styx. Spider-Man is horrified by this and renews his attack. That's when Stone uses his blasters to ignite some oil drums to cover their escape. Spider-Man is forced to save the life of William Grant, allowing the two villains to escape. On the roof, the pair try to make their escape on Stone's Turbo-Hopper, but they are ambushed by Cardiac. Cardiac has come to eliminate Grant because of his recent documentary film on cults, Grant did nothing while a family was sacrificed by a death cult. Since Spider-Man might catch up to them, and they haven't paid by Grant, the pair try to destroy Cardiac as well.Cardiac fights back and in the ensuing clash, Stone's mask is torn away. Cardiac instantly recognizes his attacker now that he is no longer wearing his mask. This moment of recollection pauses Cardiac long enough for Stone to blast him in the face with gas and blow out the roof beneath his feet. Landing in the burning movie studio, Cardiac is satisfied that Grant won't be making another film for some time and leaves as he has other concerns to deal with. By this time, Spider-Man arrives on the roof and finds no trace of anybody. With nothing to show for this expedition, Spider-Man swings back home and changes back into Peter Parker. There, his wife Mary Jane tells him that her role on "Secret Hospital" is coming to an end. With the prospect of being out of a job, Mary Jane wonders what she will do. At this time, Cardiac returns to the office building he owns as Doctor Elias Wirtham. As he undergoes repairs to his body, Cardiac thinks about the events that led up to his crusade against the greedy. He remembers how his brother died of an illness that could have been curable, had the pharmaceutical company that created the drug hadn't surprised the treatment until it became more profitable. That's when he underwent his transformation into Cardiac. With the aid of his closest associates, he had his heart replaced with a beta-particle reactor and replaced his skin with a vibranium mesh. With his repairs done, Cardiac then begins focusing on his next target, Stone. Meanwhile, Styx and Stone are meeting with William Grant to demand payment. Grant is less than happy with their performance now that his studio is in ruins. However, after Styx uses his cancerous touch to kill a plant, Grant changes his mind.Later, Peter Parker meets with his parents at Empire State University, where his father Richard is giving a lecture on their experience in a Russian prison camp. Watching the speech, Peter is proud of his parents. Not long after, Spider-Man pays a visit to William Grant to find out where he can find Styx and Stone. Given the amount he has to pay to repair damage to his studio, Grant is more than happy to give them up. At that same moment, Cardiac is informed about Stone's current whereabouts. When his assistant points out that Stone used to be a bio-technician, Elias admits that he already knew that. Meanwhile, Spider-Man arrives at Styx and Stone's home and ambushes them. While Stone rushes out of the room to get his shoulder cannons. Spider-Man is left on the defensive against Styx in the small room. At that moment, Cardiac has arrived, but before he can join the battle he spots a man abusing his ex-girlfriend on the street and leaps down to stop it. Back inside, Stone manages to glue Spider-Man's feet to the ground, wrap his arms in a bolo, and spray him in the face with knock out gas. This stuns Spider-Man long enough for Stxy to clamp his deadly hands on Spider-Man's face.With his feet glued to the ground, Spider-Man is helpless as Styx touches the wall-crawler's face with his deadly touch. Fortunately, since Spider-Man's mask is made of synthetic material, Styx's touch has no effect. This allows the web-slinger to leap out of his boots and cling to the roof above him. Still, Spider-Man finds himself on the defensive fighting Styx and Stone in such a confined place. While outside, Cardiac has just finished beating up an abusive boyfriend on the street. This distraction has delayed his confrontation with Stone and hearing the sound of battle above, he realizes that he may be too late. Back inside, Spider-Man manages to snare Stone's shoulder cannons with a web-line and begins whipping him around the room. He tosses Stone into his partner, forcing Styx to scramble so as not to touch his ally. That's when Cardiac comes crashing into the room, demanding that Spider-Man stop. As he keeps Spider-Man at bay with beta-wave blasts, he tells Styx and Stone to flee as has a business offer for them. Deciding to trust Cardiac for the moment, the pair flee the scene. However, as Styx exits the room, he is unaware that he has been tagged with a spider-tracer. The wall-crawler is too busy demanding answers from Cardiac, that he is caught off guard when Cardiac blasts the pool water under the hero. After recovering from the deluged of water, Spider-Man discovers that Cardiac also made good his escape. Later that day, Peter Parker is taking his parents on a tour of the Daily Bugle. Inside, they pass by J. Jonah Jameson's office, where Mary notices there is a book with Peter's name on it laying on the desk. It's a copy of Peter's book "Webs" which showcases Peter's various Spider-Man photos. That's when Jonah enters the office and wants to know what they are doing there, as Jameson is still upset that the Parkers won't seel the Bulge an exclusive to their story. When Mary asks if she can borrow one of Jonah's copies of "Webs", he tells her that she can keep it since it was going to be recycled. After the Parkers leave for lunch, Jonah goes back into his desk drawer, which has multiple copies of "Webs" and replaces the book that Mary had taken.Meanwhile, Elias Wertham meets with Gerald Stone in a diner. When asked if he is Cardiac, Elias denies it, saying that he is an associate to his alter-ego. He asks Gerald how he went from a medical researcher to an assassin for hire. Stone begins recounting how he was experimenting on the homeless in an attempt to develop a cure for cancer. One of his patients was a man named Jacob Eichorn. The vaccine that Stone developed didn't cure Eichorn, but turned him into a living cancer that consumes the life from organic beings with a single touch. Stone devoted his life to trying to cure Eichorn but needed more money. He figured becoming hired men, they could earn the money he needed to try and develop a cure, as well as send Eichorn -- now called Styx -- against criminal elements to sate his hunger. Hearing all this, Elias offers his help, giving Stone control of a research facility and all its resources to try and cure Styx, and having Cardiac as an overseer. Stone is ecstatic and thanks Wetham for his assistance and leaves to tell Jacob the good news. However, Elias Wertham has an ulterior motive. After seeing the opulent lifestyle that Styx and Stone have been living, he has decided that Stone has totally changed and deserves punishment at the hands of Cardiac.When Stone beings transporting Styx to Cardiac's lab, they are unaware that they are being followed by Spider-Man. At the lab, Cardiac informs Styx that they are going to make it so he does not kill again. When Styx protests this, Stone knocks him out with a single punch. Styx was then placed in a machine that Stone thinks will cure his friend and former patient. However, after looking at the computer read-outs and discovers the Cardiac isn't trying to cure Styx, but kill him. When Stone tries to free his friend, he is quickly knocked out by Cardiac. That's when Spider-Man arrives and tries to convince Cardiac that he doesn't have the right to decide who lives and who dies. The pair come to blows while arguing ethics. While they are preoccupied, Stone wakes up and gets his shoulder cannons from his van. Finding Spider-Man and Cardiac's struggle to be pathetic, Stone frees Styx. He then vows to come back and feed Cardiac to Styx himself. They attempt to escape in Stone's Turbo-Sled, but Spider-Man and Cardiac work together to force them down. The crash knocks both villains out, and Spider-Man asks Cardiac if they need to continue fighting. Cardiac feeds a story to Spider-Man about how he has realized the errors of his ways and that he was merely inspired by Spider-Man. However, this is all a distraction that allows Cardiac's hawk-glider to swoop in and pull him away. With the police approaching, Spider-Man decides to head for home, hoping that one day Cardiac can see the errors of his ways.Maximum Carnage continues from Web of Spider-Man #101...Eddie Brock arrives at Laguardia Airport.  There, he sees a newspaper concerning a headline involving Carnage.  He speaks aloud concerning his intention to kill Carnage, and transforms into Venom.  When Airport security clumsily attempts to apprehend him, but he flees.  While he approaches the city, Venom laments how he feels responsible for Carnage, as his symbiote created him and vows to destroy him. Meanwhile, Cloak and Spider-Man are nursing their wounds in the Holy Ghost Church. Cloak is beside himself with grief from losing Dagger to a surprise assault by Shriek.  He expresses grief and then rage, swearing to make Shriek pay. Spider-Man then leaves to pursue leads concerning Carnage. He thinks about how he can relate to Cloak, given the many people in his life he has lost because of his career as Spider-Man. Spider-Man, while searching, considers the fact that Carnage has teamed up with the Doppelganger and Shriek and how death and life work in a balance.  Halfway across the city, Carnage confronts Shriek and Doppelganger about their going after Spider-Man without him.  Carnage effectively puts Shriek in her place, indicating that Spider-Man is his.  "Every bone and sinew, every drop of blood or bile... MINE!"  At that moment, Peter Parker's wife Mary Jane waits for her husband to return home. She is smoking again because she is worried about her husband. On the other hand, he thinks about those who he has recently discovered are still alive, like his parents. When she sees the beating that her husband has taken, she is angry that he went back on his word to stop being Spider-Man for a while. He tries to weasel around on this, Peter tells her that he said he would try. This makes Mary Jane even angrier, as she thinks he didn't try very hard.At this time, believing Shriek to be in danger from Carnage, the Spider-Doppelganger attacks the symbiotic serial killer.  Using a piece of the alien symbiote, Carnage easily knocks Doppelganger away.  Carnage then informs Shriek that this "band" has one leader - him. Back at the Parker's Soho apartment, Mary Jane figures that Peter's enhanced healing will have his broken rib after a night's rest. Unfortunately, Peter explains that he can't rest while Carnage and his allies are still on the loose and intend to go back out hunting for them immediately. Simultaneously, in psychopathic fashion, Carnage and Shriek makeup, agreeing that if they are going to kill, they are going to kill together.  Things are not quite so copesetic at the Parker household. Mary Jane refuses to let Peter go out and get himself killed, especially after they just recently lost Harry Osborn. However, Peter can't shirk his responsibility, especially since they killed Dagger. Unable to speak sense to her husband, Mary Jane breaks out into tears and turns away from her husband. Meanwhile, in Central Park, a police patrol car is ambushed by Carnage and his twisted family. While Carnage rips the roof off a couple's car, and then viciously murders both.  Shriek then eradicates the vehicle. This draws out a beat officer who comes to see what all the commotion is. Ambushed by the Spider-Doppelganger breaks the neck of the officer. Committing murder as a team comes as a delight to Carnage who suggests that they continue to spread their chaos and bloodshed to others. While near the Bowery, Spider-Man is searching for Carnage and his cohorts, although he can't keep his mind off the troubles his marriage is facing at this time. His thoughts are interrupted when he spots the Demogoblin. Remembering Demogoblin's ties to the Spider-Doppelganger, he hopes that the demonic creature can lead him to Carnage and his gang.Spitting the wall-crawler, the Demogoblin doubles back and ambushes Spider-Man. The wall-crawler is struck by one of Demogoblin's black pumpkin bombs. The bomb discharges a liquid shadow, which clings to Spider-Man and causes him to feel immense cold and feel senses of hopelessness and loss. Demogoblin flaunts his success while Venom swings through the city looking for Carnage. Hearing a radio report from a nearby taxi cab, Venom is made aware of the altercation between Spider-Man and Demogoblin, but when he hears about a disturbance in Central Park. Correctly suspecting that Carnage is responsible, Venom decides to go there. As Demogoblin prepares to kill Spider-Man, a preacher approached the villain from behind. As Demogoblin turns his murderous intentions on the preacher, Spider-Man forces himself out of his despair and delivers a devastating blow to the villain. As the wall-crawler checks on the preacher, Demogoblin throws another pumpkin bomb. The web-head successfully dodges the explosion, but his actions inflame his broken rib. Before things can escalate any further, Demogoblin flees.  Spider-Man feeling immense pain decides to cut his losses and go home.  Venom arrives at Central Park and engages Carnage, Shriek, and Doppelganger.  That evening, while Peter recovers, he and Mary Jane are watching the news coverage of Carnage's mayhem and there's a knock at the door.  Mary Jane answers it to find a severely injured Venom, barely conscious.  Maximum Carnage continues in Spider-Man #35...Maximum Carnage continues from Web of Spider-Man #102...Spider-Man has brought Venom, the Black Cat, and Cloak to the St. Estes Home For Boys in Brooklyn. He explains to the others that since this is where Cletus Kasady grew up, perhaps visiting this place can give them some ideas as to how to stop him. However, seeing the words "Carnage Rules" written on the walls in dried blood, Spider-Man discovers that this only brings back the memories of the first time he fought Carnage. The wall-crawler fears that with the addition of Shriek, the Spider-Doppelganger, and Demogoblin, Carnage may be unstoppable. The Black Cat also points out that somehow the madness is starting to affect the people of New York as well, making them become violent. Venom suggests that although Carnage's symbiote has mutated, it may still have the same weaknesses that his does. He suggests that they get Reed Richard's sonic gun. The Black Cat thinks that this is a brilliant idea because symbiote is also vulnerable to fire, and they could also recruit the Human Torch. Spider-Man says this crisis has come at a bad time as both the Fantastic Four and the Avengers are out of town. However, he believes that Firestar of the New Warriors might be a decen substitute. Accepting this idea, Cloak tells the others that he will seek her out and teleports away. Witnessing this, Spider-Man is confused, as he believes that Cloak could only teleport with the help of his former partner, Dagger, which would be impossible now since Dagger is apparently dead.This leaves Spider-Man, the Black Cat, and Venom to go for Richard's sonic gun. As Spider-Man swings across the city, he wishes he could call his wife Mary Jane, to check in on her. This is especially important since their marriage has been turbulent of late after Mary Jane asked him to give up being Spider-Man for a while, something he was unwilling to do once Carnage began his rampage. At that same moment, Morbius the Living Vampire has arrived at Ravencroft Institute. Ignoring his bloodlust, he has come seeking out information about Shriek. Inside the facility, he prints out her file and heads back for his hyperbaric chamber as the sun will soon begin to rise. Meanwhile, Carnage and his crew are trashing the New York City Museum of Metropolitan Art. Their rampage is interrupted by the NYPD's Extreme Emergency Team. However, the commotion has also attracted the ghoulish Carrion. Carnage is impressed when Carrion kills one of the officers with a single touch and invites him to join their group. As they slaughter the police officers, Shriek remembers that Carrion had apparently died in an explosion not too long ago. Carnage doesn't care how Carrion survived as long as he helps bring up their body count. While in Soho, Liz Osborn asks Mary Jane to join her for breakfast. However, Mary Jane refuses. Protecting herself with a knife, she is ready to face whatever madness may come knocking at her door, but despite this all Mary Jane wants is for her husband to come home.At that moment, the cyborg known as Deathlok is collecting information from the Internet. The spike in crime throughout Manhattan has him concerned, and so he decides to find out who is responsible and stop them. Meanwhile, Spider-Man and his allies are making their way to the Four Freedoms Plaza. Although the building had recently been damaged in an explosion, he fears the security systems are going to be a problem. That's when he hears a scream from down on the street. Seeing a carjacking in progress, Spider-Man swings down and stop the thieves. He's surprised when the owner of the car tries to attack him, thinking that the wall-crawler intends to steal his car as well. This gives one of the carjackers a chance to try and shoot the hero in the back, but he is stopped by the Black Cat. She and Venom point out that Spider-Man is getting sloppy and soft-hearted, reminding him that the more they allow themselves to be distracted, the more people Carnage and his twisted "family" murder. As they continue on their trek, Spider-Man finds this growing mob mentality is frightening and wonders what the cause is. At that moment in Forest Hills, Richard Parker is escorting his sister-in-law to the bank so she can cach her social security check. May is upset with Richard, for the talk he had with Peter, about hitting back and never turning the other cheek. She is disappointed that Richard can no longer see the good in people anymore. Suddenly, they are confronted by a man who has bought into Carnage's nihilistic worldview and demands that May give him her purse. Quickly, Richard picks up a large board and hits the man over the head hard enough to knock the man out. Richard, feeling his point of view was just justified, asks May if she feels like giving this man a second chance. May finds himself speechless in the face of such hostility.Back in Manhattan, Carnage and his crew are engaging in wholesale slaughter in the streets. Just as Carnage turns his attentions to a mother and her family, he is ambushed by Deathlok. Carrion swoops in and attempts to use his death touch on Deathlok, but it has no effect on his dead flesh. After taking down both Carrion and Demogoblin, Deathlok leaps up onto a electronic billboard to avoid Shriek's blasts. When the Spider-Doppelganger tries to attack him, he easily boots the monster away. Furious that someone harmed her "son", Shriek blasts Deathlok into the billboard. The sudden jolt of electricity incapacitates the cyborg, ending the conflict. Carnage gloats over Deathlok's defeat and then invites his "family" to gather around for some "fun". By this time, Spider-Man and his allies have broken into the Four Freedoms Plaza and fought their way past the security systems to get to Mister Fantastic's lab. There, they find the sonic gun. Venom insists on being the on in control of the weapon. The Black Cat thinks he is being paranoid thinking that everyone is out to get him, unaware of the fact that their intrusion has tripped an alarm and is transmitting information elsewhere.While in Brooklyn, Spider-Man and the others return to St. Estes. Their return coincides with the return of Cloak who succeeded in recruiting Firestar from their cause. For the first time, Spider-Man feels confident that they can put a stop to Carnage. Figuring that with the technology and powers they have at their disposal, Carnage doesn't stand a chance. While he is saying this, Carnage and his "family" had just finished stringing up Deathlok to the billboard.Maximum Carnage continues in Spider-Man #36...Maximum Carnage continues from Web of Spider-Man #103...At the Statue of Liberty, Carnage and his "family" continues to torture Venom, as he remains suspended over an open flame. Suddenly, Demogoblin and the Spider-Doppelganger are ambushed by Morbius and Deathwatch, who have come to rescue their ally. Meanwhile, Spider-Man, Captain America, Iron Fist, Firestar, and Deathlok are flying across Manhattan. With the entire island succumbing to madness, they are all focused on stopping the source of the insanity, as they are the only ones left who can stop it. When Deathlok and Captain America both agree that they must stop it no matter what, it gets Spider-Man thinking. The wall-crawler worries about his wife Mary Jane, who has had an issue with him being involved in the battle, even though she recently gave her blessing to stop Carnage's rampage. That's when Firestar spots the source of the madness, Shirek, who has been amplifying her powers to drive the city mad.At that moment, in Soho, Liz Osborn, her step-brother Mark Raxton and the Parkers watch the news coverage of Carnage's massacre across the city. With the madness has spread to midtown, they all worry what will happen when it reaches their area. As Richard suggests that they board up the windows, Mary Jane finally comes down from her apartment. Mary Jane tells them that she has realized that brooding over her husband won't help her through this dark time, and she needs to be with family. While back Midtown, Spider-Man wonders what he is doing in the middle of this battle. This distracts him from Shriek's attacks, but he is saved by Firestar. When Shriek clips Firestar with one of her blasts, she is then attacked from above by both Iron Fist and Deathlok. They too are blasted, followed by the wall-crawler. However, she has her back turned when she is struck by Captain America's shield. With Shriek knocked out, the heroes recover from the battle. Captain America points out that Shriek was defeated because she was facing them on their own, leaving them to wonder where Carnage and the others are.Back at the Statue of Liberty, Venom watches as his would-be saviors have the tables turned on them. Carnage watches with glee, gloating over the work of his "children". With the tide of battle turning, and the sun starting to come up, Deathwatch is forced to retreat with Morbius so they can live and fight another day. With the battle over, Carnage orders Demogoblin, the Spider-Doppelganger, and Carrion to go look for Shriek while he goes back to torturing Venom. While back in the city, the heroes begin breaking up the angry mobs and people trying to commit crimes and acts of violence. Without Shriek's constant influence, these people suddenly realize what they are doing and stop themselves. After Spider-Man talks a woman out of throwing her children off the side of the building, he realizes that it is important for him to be here right now. If it wasn't for him, the children would have died. No matter the trouble it may cause trouble in his marriage, the wall-crawler insists that his wife is wrong. That's when Demogoblin and the others arrive and find Shriek webbed to a lamp post. When they attempt to free her, they are opposed by Captain America, Iron Fist, and Deathlok. They fail to stop Shriek from getting free, and are forced on the defensive in order to save innocent people from getting caught in the crossfire. Seeing his allies in trouble, Spider-Man leaps in to lend a hand.Meanwhile, uptown, Felicia Hardy is still recovering from wounds sustained in battle. Looking out at the city from her balcony. She briefly considers going back out as the Black Cat. However, she figures with her broken arm and blurry vision, she'd only get herself killed. Although Peter Parker may be willing to sacrifice his life for what he believes in, Felicia doesn't think she ever could. While at the Holy Ghost Church, Cloak also finds himself debating his ability to help in the battle against Carnage. He knows he could help his friends, but he has felt strange ever since Dagger was seemingly killed. Back at the scene of the battle, Shriek is shocked when the people who were once under her spell turn on her and joins the heroes. Watching this recent development in Soho, seeing what happened, Mary Jane realizes that she was wrong telling her husband to stop being Spider-Man. However, things quickly turn against Spider-Man and his allies when Shriek unleashes her powers full blast. Although the heroes manage to resist the blast of insanity, the regular people around them are not so lucky. With people back under her control, Shriek orders them to kill Spider-Man and the others.Maximum Carnage continues in Spider-Man #37...After clearing customs at JFK International Airport on his way home from Scotland, the Hulk runs into Doc Samson, who has come looking for him. Samson explains that a demonstration is being given at a nearby research center that could have ramifications for both of them. After hearing that scientists have created a gamma virus that can release repressed emotions. He thinks that this could be the key to solving the Hulk's current mood swings. Hearing that they are using gamma radiation, Banner reminds him that gamma radiation is what created himself, the Abomination and the Leader, telling Samson that if he goes anywhere near that demonstration, he is the crazy one. Feeling his anger well up, the Hulk goes outside and leaps away. Meanwhile, in Lower Manhattan, Spider-Man interrupts a pair of bullies who are trying to steal lunch money from a younger kid. After the bullies flee, Spider-Man gladly gives the boy his autograph, unaware that the kid hopes to sell it for money. As he swings away, Spider-Man considers stopping a schoolyard robbery is a pretty small crime to stop, the wall-crawler is glad for it after stopping Carnage and his involvement in the Infinity Crusade. Spider-Man soon returns to the apartment he shares with his wife Mary Jane. Peter has returned home early, ruining a surprise lunch that she was preparing for him. Peter couldn't help it since he pulled some strings to see the gamma virus demonstration later that day. Since the two have some free time alone together for once, the couple decides to take advantage of it with some romance.Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, Aunt May has just finished lunch with the people claiming to be Richard and Mary Parker. Richard asks May if she wants him and Mary to go with her to the cemetery next week. When May asks why Richard says that next week is the wedding anniversary of May and his late brother Ben. Hearing this causes a such a bad shock in May, she drops her cup of tea on the kitchen counter. When Richard asks her what happened, May says that the cup slipped out of her hands. Later that day, Peter Parker is at the demonstration being put on by Doctor Pollock. He explains that he intends on using a gamma virus to cure a schizophrenic man of his mental illness. Among those attending the demonstration is Doc Samson, who watches with great interest. When the demonstration begins, Peter's spider-sense begins to go off, warning him of danger. At that moment, the gamma virus begins swirling around the emitter as though it was focusing on someone other than their patient. Suddenly, the gamma virus blasts through the protective glass. With the glass about to shatter, Doc Samson leaps up and grabs onto it in the hopes of protecting the crowd as they flee. While nobody is looking, Peter Parker changes into Spider-Man in order to lend a hand. Unfortunately, he is too late to help as suddenly the glass shatters. The virus then bombards Doc Samson, causing him to undergo another transformation. Increasing in mass, Samson becomes a violent savage that attacks the wall-crawler. Spider-Man finds himself on the defensive because he doesn't want to harm Samson, as he is only a victim of the virus. Unfortunately, Doc Samson doesn't treat Spider-Man so gingerly, giving him a sound beating. Suddenly sensing the gamma energy pattern of Bruce Banner, Doc Samson leaps through the ceiling intent on tracking down the Hulk.Back in Forest Hills, Aunt May is going through the phone book when she is approached by Richard. He asks May if she wants to join him and Mary for a walk. May declines the offer, and when Richard asks her if anything is wrong, she tells him that he is being silly. After Richard leaves, May continues looking through the phone book for a private detective. At this time, the Hulk is walking through Washington Square Park. He is in a crabby mood because everyone is scared of him. Suddenly, he is attacked by Doc Samson, and the two come to blows. Spider-Man arrives on the scene shortly thereafter trying to stop the fight before someone is hurt. When he tries to stop the Hulk, the web-head is easily knocked aside. This distraction allows Doc Samson to ambush the Hulk. With the Hulk restrained, the gamma virus transfers from Doc Samson to the Hulk. Hearing the Hulk scream in pain, Spider-Man pushes the two titans apart. Noticing that Doc Samson is back to normal, Spider-Man turns around and sees that the situation is as bad as he suspected: The gamma virus has transferred to the Hulk.Infected with a gamma virus, Doc Samson battled the Hulk until he was able to transfer the virus to the green goliath in Washington Square Park. Now Doc Samson and Spider-Man are attacked by a Hulk that has greatly increased strength and entirely consumed by his repressed anger. Completely outclassed, Spider-Man tries to contain the Hulk by emptying a massive amount of webbing on the brute. Both he and Samson agree that they need to lure the Hulk somewhere where innocent people won't get hurt. Spider-Man suggests that they lure Banner to the ruins of Empire State University. Spider-Man tells Samson to go and get the scientists who created the virus while he deals with the Hulk. Leonard doesn't like the idea of leaving Spider-Man alone against the Hulk but has no other choice. No sooner is Samson gone, does the Hulk break free from the webbing. Spider-Man easily dodges the Hulk's blows, goading the gamma-spawned monster to follow him. Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, Richard and Mary Parker are on their way out to give a lecture on international politics at Queens College. On their way out, they are greeted by Bernard Scudder, who May says is helping her with charity work at the church. However, Scudder is actually a private detective, and when Richard and Mary are gone, May expresses her concerns that the in-laws might actually be impostors. While back at the Midtown Research Center, Doc Samson arrives and tells Doctor Pollock what happened and asks if they have a cure for the gamma virus. Pollock informs Samson that since the virus was intended for normal people, not gamma-enhanced humans such as the Hulk, they hadn't gotten to the point of coming up with a cure just yet.By this time, Spider-Man has successfully lured the Hulk to the ruins of Empire State University. The trip has done little to calm the Hulk who fights just as savagely as ever. Spider-Man fears the worst until Doc Samson arrives to lend a hand. At that moment, on the set of "Secret Hospital", Mary Jane ruins a scene because she has a lit cigarette in her scene, even though her character "Sybil" doesn't smoke. The director decides not to do another take since the episode is running long and the scene will be cut. This upsets Mary Jane as her career seems to be falling apart. She considers telling Peter about it, but decides to keep quiet, as her husband has other problems to deal with.  Back at Empire State University, Spider-Man is told by Doc Samson that there is no cure for the virus. Suspecting that it works like a fever, and needs to burn itself out, Spider-Man suggests they do that. However, Samson explains that the scientists figured that would have already happened by now. Leonard theorizes that the virus must be preventing the Hulk from going all out in order to use it up. Doc Samson suggests that they force the Hulk to burn out the virus, hoping that Bruce Banner's sense of right and wrong will prevent him from killing either of them. With no other choice, the pair leap into the battle, but the Hulk is too powerful for either of them. Considering Spider-Man a pest, the Hulk claps his hands together bowling the wall-crawler over. Banner then begins beating on Doc Samson to the point where he is at Banner's mercy. By this point, Spider-Man has recovered and gets between Hulk and Samson before Bruce can land the killing blow. Spider-Man appeals to Bruce Banner's good side, telling him that he knows killing is wrong and he is being manipulated by the virus in his system. Luckily, the web-slinger's gambit works, as the Hulk is able to fight off the virus by sheer force of will. In the aftermath of th battle, the Hulk commends Spider-Man for his quick thinking, then chastises Samson for fooling around with gamma rays. The Hulk then leaves, intending to head back to Nevada to deal with the fallout from his latest rampage. Doc Samson still insists that Bruce Banner needs his help and departs as well. Spider-Man is relieved that this is all over, he can go home and relax.Unfortunately for Spider-Man, he's not going to get much of a chance to relax for long. At that moment, in New Jersey, Orwell Taylor oversees the offloading of equipment from his private plane. He has come to the east coast after failing to render a "verdict" on Venom, and has now set his sights on putting Spider-Man on "trial".The Jury have set up operations within a building set for demolition. Once they have set up the security monitors they pick up the hero known as Nova as he flies by. With operations set up, he orders the members of the Jury out to hunt down their latest target, Spider-Man. Although most of the Jury follow out Sentry out on the hunt, Ramshot stays behind to talk to Orwell Taylor. Ramshot joined up with the Jury to bring Venom to justice for killing Orwell's son during an escape from the Vault. He now wonders why they are going after Spider-Man, one of the good guys. Orwell reminds Ramshot that if it wasn't for Spider-Man, there would be no Venom. He goes on to say that sometimes one is forced to do unpleasant things for the greater good. Ramshot has his doubts at first but decides Orwell is right. After Ramshot leaves, the technician informs Orwell that one of the monitors goes out. Irritated by this, Taylor orders a technician out to go and repair it. When the technician goes up to investigate the sensor device, he finds that it has been trashed by Spider-Man. The wall-crawler demands to know what the device is monitoring for. The technician yells at the wall-crawler, as the installation is legal. Realizing his mistake, Spider-Man is forced to flee before the police are called.As the web-slinger swings across the city, Spider-Man worries about the scanning devices, as they have been setting off his spider-sense go off. He wonders if Alistair Smythe has been monitoring him again. Deciding that it must be too much to think about and decides to head home. Peter heads home, his wife Mary Jane can tell when he has come into the apartment. When Peter asks how she was able to tell he came home, she points out that they have been dating for years. Peter learns that Mary Jane hasn't had much luck finding a new apartment. Peter still can't believe that Liz Osborn is evicting them from their loft. When Mary Jane asks him to come along and look at some of the prospects, he tells her that he needs to go out as Spider-Man after classes the following day in order to find out more about the mysterious scanners that have appeared over the city. Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, May sees Richard and Mary Parker off in a cab. When they ask May if they want to accompany them into the city, she says she home. Once they are gone, May hopes that the private detective she hired was able to learn about the people who claim to be her in-laws. While at Empire State University, Peter can't keep his mind on his lab work. Seeing that Parker is distracted, Professor Evan Swan tells Peter he is excused. Later, Peter walks the campus, he worries about how he is flunking out of school. However, with the apparent return of his parents, his recent battles against Carnage and the Hulk, and Mary Jane having trouble keeping her acting gig, Peter thinks his life is spinning out of control. However, he suddenly comes up with a way of figuring out what the tracking sensors are all about.Back in Soho, Mary Jane is preparing to go out apartment hunting when she is visited by Aunt May. She sits Mary Jane down and tells her the concerns she has about the people who claim to be Peter's parents. She explains that when she and her late husband Ben wanted to get married, they couldn't wait for their public ceremony and got married in secret, six months earlier. She says that they had a private ceremony with only Richard and Mary as the witnesses. When Richard talked to May recently about her upcoming wedding anniversary, he acted as though the public wedding was the only one. Mary Jane tells May that there is probably a reasonable explanation for this. May agrees that she is probably being silly and asks Mary Jane not to tell Peter since he already has so much on his mind. When May leaves, Mary Jane resents May for laying this on her and telling her to keep it a secret from her husband. Mary Jane then lights up a cigarette while she contemplates if she should tell Peter the truth or not.The evening, Spider-Man has been swinging across the city, intentionally ignoring his spider-sense in order to allow the tracking devices to detect him. Sure enough, Orwell Tyler learns that Spider-Man has been located and dispatches the Jury to apprehend the wall-crawler. The Jury ambushes the web-slinger, and their battle spills out into Rockafeller Plaza. There, Spider-Man goes out of his way to save a boy's life who is sent falling off a balcony because of a blast from one of the Jury. Seeing this, Ramshot hesitates when he has a lock on Spider-Man and is ordered back to base by Sentry. Ultimately, the Jury's superior numbers and weapons win the battle as they overwhelm Spider-Man and knock him out. When the web-head finally goes down, Sentry reminds his teammates that they are to take Spider-Man in alive so he can be put on trial for his crimes. When Spider-Man wakes up, he finds himself tied to a chair with an IV drip attached to him, feeding him with drugs that keep him weak and docile. That's when Orwell Taylor enters the room and tells Spider-Man that they are putting him on trial and if he is found guilty, he will be executed.A prisoner of the Jury, Spider-Man has been subdued and drugged to face a mock trial for his life. When one of the Jury tries to remove the wall-crawler's mask, Orwell Taylor orders him to stop. Since the members of Jury keep their identities secret, he will allow Spider-Man's secret identity maintained during the trial. When Spider-Man musters the strength to ask what he is being put on trial for, Taylor explains that he is being tried for creating one of the worst killers in history. When Spider-Man refuses to take the blame for such an accusation, Taylor asks the wall-crawler where his sense of responsibility is. This causes the web-slinger to think about how responsibility is exactly why he became Spider-Man to begin with. He thinks about the fateful day when Peter Parker was bitten by a radioactive spider. Granted with spider-powers, Peter created the identity of Spider-Man to get into showbiz and cash in on his powers. One night he allowed a burglar to escape a television studio. This led to tragedy, as that same burglar went on to murder his Uncle Ben, something that Spider-Man only discovered when he tracked down and caught the killer. In this tragic moment, Peter Parker learned that with great power must come great responsibility. As he begins losing consciousness, Spider-Man begins muttering about responsibility. This angers Sentry, who accuses Spider-Man for the murder of his best friend, Hugh Taylor. Orwell calls a recess until Spider-Man is awake so he can hear the charges against him. As the Jury files out of the room, Ramshot pauses to think about the current situation.Meanwhile, Mary Jane is at the office of television executive Reuben Triad, who tells her that the role of her character Sybil on "Secret Hospital" is being reduced because the role is not catching on as well as they thought. However, Triad tries to smooth things over by offering to arrange some mall appearances for her. Mary Jane takes offense to this, sarcastically wondering if he was going to book her for a monster truck rally next before storming out of the office. Later, Mary Jane is eating lunch outside, while smoking a cigarette. She is also upset that her husband Peter didn't return home the night before. She is particularly upset that he didn't come home without telling her, as she has to tell him how his Aunt May think the people claiming to be his parents are impostors. When a man sitting near her complains about her cigarette smoke, she tells him that she isn't in a non-smoking area and says she has rights as well, saying that if she wants to kill herself by smoking she has the right to do so. Hearing herself say this, Mary Jane stops and begins to wonder if killing herself is really what she wants to do.Back at the Jury's hideout, Spider-Man has woken up and is given something to drink by Ramshot. When the web-head asks why he has been put on trial, Ramshot tries to explain why. In turn, Spider-Man tries to convince him to let him free, saying that this mock trial is wrong. That's when Orwell Taylor enters the room and orders Ramshot out of the room. In the next room, Orwell begins coaching Ramshot, telling him to be strong, reminding him that it is Spider-Man's the reason Venom's alien symbiote was brought to Earth. At that moment, in Queens, Aunt May gets a phone call from her private detective Bernard Scudder. He tells her that he is ending his investigation on Richard and Mary Parker, as his investigation has turned up nothing that suggests that they are impostors. When he tries to tell her that further investigation will be a waste of money, May loses her temper telling him that it is her money and he needs to get off his lazy butt and earn it. As she angrily slams down the phone, May realizes that she hasn't been acting like herself recently. Meanwhile, Spider-Man gathers his strength and manages to break free from his bonds. Unfortunately, the Jury hears the commotion and easily stop his escape. With the wall-crawler secured again, Orwell Taylor decides to get the trial underway. He calls a witness named Irene Karnowsky. Irene begins her testimony by explaining that her normal life and that of her daughter Suzie was ruined thanks to Venom. Realizing what this has all been about, Spider-Man recalls how he brought the alien symbiote back from Battleworld thinking it was a high-tech costume. Not long after bringing the symbiote back home to Earth, Spider-Man learned from Mister Fantastic that it was actually a living organism that was trying to permanently bond to him. He instantly rejected it. However, the symbiote refused to be rejected, and came back for Peter, forcing him to try and kill it. The symbiote survived, however, and eventually bonded to Eddie Brock, becoming Venom. He then thinks of the time he thought the symbiote was destroyed once and for all during a battle against Styx and Stone. He didn't realize that the symbiote survived until after it freed Eddie Brock from Ryker's Island. The symbiote also laid an egg, which hatched into the symbiote who bonded to the serial killer known as Cletus Kasady to become Carnage. His mind finally stops at the memories of Carnage's recent killing spree across New York City. In his drugged stupor, Spider-Man realizes that all the deaths caused by Venom and Carnage are all his fault.At that moment, outside the United Nations Building, Richard and Mary Parker are delighted to have gotten jobs as UN translator so they can finally become contributing members of society again. While back at Spider-Man's mock trial, the wall-crawler asks Irene why she hates him so much. She explains that her daughter Suzie was traumatized during Spider-Man's last battle with Venom not so long ago. So traumatized by the incident, the little girl hasn't spoken and it is suspected that she will remain catatonic for the rest of her life. With Irene's testimony is over, she storms out of the room. Orwell Taylor then asks Spider-Man if wants to say anything in his own defense. The wall-crawler doesn't, saying that he is guilty of all charges. When Orwell asks the web-head if he wants mercy, he also refuses. Hearing this, Orwell Taylor finds Spider-Man guilty and sentences him to death.Put on a mock trial by Orwell Taylor and his Jury, Spider-Man is found guilty for bringing the Venom symbiote to Earth and is sentenced to death. Having listened to the accusations, which put responsibility for everyone Venom has killed on the wall-crawler, Spider-Man agreed. Although his mind is dulled by drugs in his system, he is ready to accept his fate. However, at the last moment, Ramshot stands between Spider-Man and his teammates. He cannot justify killing Spider-Man considering his past record of good deeds. Since Taylor's primary mission is to destroy Venom and decides that they will commute Spider-Man's sentence if he helps them take down a greater evil. When Ramshot points out that Spider-Man doesn't kill, the wall-crawler surprises them by saying that he promises to put Venom down for good if they let him free.Meanwhile, Mary Jane has gone for to a dance club to get her mind off the stress of her husband being Spider-Man. She tries to dance with a regular, who tries to pick her up. When she tells him she's married, he reveals he is as well. Mary Jane scares the man off by threatening to light his face on fire. Taking a smoke break, she begins to worry about finding a new place since Liz Osborn announced she was evicting her and Peter from their loft in Soho. Without her husband to talk to about her worries, she decides to continue dancing. Back at the Jury's hideout, Orwell Taylor informs Spider-Man and his Jurors that they are going to infiltrate a government facility to obtain a teleportation device that they can use to spread Venom's atoms across infinity. Hearing this, Spider-Man thinks this great idea, however, no sooner as he has said this he begins to have doubts. Before they go on their mission, Taylor informs Ramshot that he is suspended until further notice.In Forest Hills, Aunt May is awake when Richard and Mary Parker return home from their new job at the United Nations. When they ask why she is still awake, she tells them that she has been having trouble sleeping lately. Outside, Bernard Scudder, continues survailing the Parkers. He has been hired by May to tail Richard and Mary to confirm if they are really who they say they are. He hasn't found any evidence to confirm these suspicions, but May continues to employ him. As he thinks about this situation, he is interrupted by a police officer who has received complaints about him hanging around the neighborhood. Meanwhile, Spider-Man and the Jury are breaking into the government facility to steal the teleportation device. The wall-crawler uses his spider-sense to help them slip past the security system. When they come back to a keypad door, Sentry uses his armor's systems to hack into the door. On the other side, they run into a guard. Screech takes him down with a single blast. This upsets Spider-Man who thinks they killed the guard, but they point out that the guard is only knocked out as Screech was only using a sonic weapon.Back in Manhattan, Ramshot is meeting with Orwell Taylor pleading his reasoning for trying to free Spider-Man. He reminds Orwell of his loyalty, that he joined the Jury to avend the death of Orwell's son, who was murdered by Venom. However, he couldn't bring himself to kill Spider-Man as part of their mission. Orwell Taylor explains that the whole trial was used as a trick to convince Spider-Man to work with him so they could exploit his spider-sense. Ramshot is relieved to hear this, however Orwell still punishes Ramshot for his insubordination reducing his capacity on the team to support. While back at the facility, the Sentry has taken the teleportation device and tests it out. Watching the demonstration, Spider-Man still can't shake the guilt he feels about going along with this plan. He then realizes that the drugs the Jury used on him altered his perceptions. Now in his right mind, Spider-Man strikes the Sentry, sending him slamming into a wall. This damages the power pack on the teleportation device causing it to explode. With only three members of the Jury left, Spider-Man easily takes out Firearm, Bomblast and Screech. With security arriving on the scene, Spider-Man slips out through the ventilation system.Returning to New York City, Spider-Man finds no trace of Orwell Taylor and decides to head home. There he finds Mary Jane sleeping on the couch. Seeing all the cigarettes in the ash tray he decides to finally do something about Mary Jane's smoking. He wakes up Mary Jane and tells her that they need to talk, but first he has some unfinished business to deal with. He wakes Mary Jane up and asks her to accompany him to see Nick Katzenberg. Peter takes her to Blessing Hospital, where she learns that Katzenberg has been sick. When they go to see him, Mary Jane is shocked to see that Nick has lost a lot of weight and most of his hair. He tells Mary Jane that he has developed lung cancer, but he is certain he'll beat it. When Nick starts coughing up blood, Mary Jane becomes very upset and asks Peter how he could do this to her. Peter says it is because he loves her, but Mary Jane still storms out. Peter thanks Nick for his help. Going outside, Peter checks on his wife, who has taken a moment to process what she saw in the hospital room. She realizes the risk to her health that smoking has created and thanks Peter for forcing her to see it. She decides to quit smoking, crushing her pack of cigarettes and throwing them in the garbage.At Ryker's Island, Adrian Toomes has been modifying audio equipment to create an electro-magnetic device. When a guard comes by his cell, Toomes uses the device to pin the guard to the door of his cell. He also uses the device to pull the bars out of his window. He then puts on a makeshift pair of wings to escape. Out at sea, his improvised wings begin to short out, but he just barely makes the boat waiting to pick him up. The crew is glad they caught him, as they don't want him to die before they get paid. Suffering from cancer, Adrian blames Spider-Man for not letting him die, but he assures the men he hired that he now intends to live forever. In Forest Hills, Aunt May is surprised when she returns home to discover that her private detective, Bernard Scudder, has called her nephew Peter Parker. Scudder explains that he is stopping all surveillance on Richard and Mary Parker after he was harassed by a police officer. Peter asks why his Aunt hired a private eye to follow his parents. May explains that she doesn't think that they are Peter's parents. Thinking that May has gone senile, Scudder quits and leaves. Before Aunt May can explain herself, Richard and Mary return home. When they invite Peter to say, he tells them that he has to go because he has some things to think about. As Peter walks away, he wonders if his Aunt May is becoming senile in her old age, and gets upset because this is yet another problem he was not ready to deal with. The next morning, Peter and his wife Mary Jane are working in their new home, a brownstone on the Upper East Side. They are testing out the security system they installed in the secret room where Peter is storing his Spider-Man gear. When Mary Jane opens the secret door without disabling the alarm. The jolt to Peter's spider-sense is incredibly painful. Peter has to adjust the settings, but Mary Jane tells him that he'll have to do them alone since she has to make a mall appearance to promote "Secret Hospital". Mary Jane isn't looking forward to it, but Peter is certain that her acting career will pick back up again. He then tells Mary Jane that he has to go to Empire State University to investigate something he has been putting off for some time. Soon, Peter is at Empire State University where he meets with Dr. Benita Sanchez. He has taken an interest in her Juvinator device and how it can effect human aging. He also tells her about his Aunt May, but Sanchez cannot make an accurate diagnosis without actually seeing the patient. She then shows him the Juvinator. She hopes it can be used to reverse the aging process. Unfortunately, it needs the life force of one person to be transferred to another. Since this is unethical, she has been trying to come up with an artificial source. Peter leaves Benita to continue his work and tries to call his wife. Unfortunately, Mary Jane is still out. As he thinks about what to do about Aunt May, Peter's spider-sense begins going off. Meanwhile, at a mall in Long Island, Mary Jane makes her public appearance, disliking the whole experience. That's when an angry fan approaches her, upset about what her character has done on "Secret Hospital". As Mary Jane tries to explain that it's just fiction, the woman pulls a gun and is about to shoot Mary Jane. Thankfully, she is saved by a security guard who jumps the woman. This near death experience, Mary Jane wonders if this is what Peter goes through everyday as Spider-Man.Back at ESU, the Vulture is trying to steal the Juvinator when he is interrupted by Spider-Man. Furious over the wall-crawler's interference, the Vulture forces the hero outside. Spider-Man is caught off guard by the ferocity of the Vulture's attack. He knocks Spider-Man into some nearby abandoned building before heading back to Empire State University. By the time Spider-Man comes back, the Vulture is about to use the Juvinator to steal Dr. Sanchez's life force. Spider-Man knocks the villain aside, and checks to see how Benita is doing. While he is distracted, the Vulture recovers and grabs the wall-crawler and begins absorbing his life force.The Vulture has successfully stolen a Juvinator device developed by Doctor Benita Sanchez at Empire State University. Using the device on Spider-Man, the Vulture begins absorbed the wall-crawler's life force. This causes the Vulture to become youthful and vital again, growing a full head of hair in the process. He leaves the withered body of Spider-Man behind and flies away. The wall-crawler is still alive but feels incredibly weak. When Doctor Sanchez says the police are coming, Spider-Man quickly flees the scene. Just then, a janitor enters the room and offers to clean up. Benita shouts at him to bring the authorities upstairs. At first, the janitor is indignant that she would shout orders at him, but quickly changes his tone and agrees to her request. While up on the roof, Spider-Man is winded after climbing up the side of the building. Pulling off his mask and feeling his face, he realizes that he has suddenly become old. This has horrific implications for the wall-crawler, who decides to make the slow and painful trip back home to figure out what to do next.While across town, the Vulture flies high above the city, reveling on his regained youth. He returns to his hideout where he begins unpacking his newly created costume. Young again, and no longer riddled with cancer, the Vulture believes that nothing can stop him now. As he says this, he is unaware that he is watched by a mysterious figure in the shadows. Later, Spider-Man returns home just at the same time as his wife Mary Jane. Peter is horrified about his wife seeing him like this and tells her not to come into his private room because he is developing photos. Still, Mary Jane needs to talk after her mall appearance ended with her almost getting shot by an angry fan. But when she barges into the room, Peter is already long gone. Up on the roof, Spider-Man begins to wonder who he can go to with this recent problem.Meanwhile, the Vulture has finished putting on his new costume, continuing to gloat over his newfound youth. Suddenly, he is struck with pain. While in Queens, an elderly Peter Parker gets off the bus. He can hardly believe the bus driver is telling him about the seniors discount when he wasn't in high school very long ago. On his way to his Aunt May's house, he is hassled by some young punks. Peter doesn't do anything about it, because he isn't sure he could teach them a lesson in his infirm body. As he gets closer to Aunt May's house, he wonders if he has been allowing prejudice toward Aunt May's age cloud his ability to believe her about his parents. He looks in on his Aunt May who is baking a pie in her kitchen when suddenly he feels a great deal of pain and runs off before Aunt May can see him. When the pain becomes unbearable, he lashes out and knocks down a lamp post with a single blow. Realizing what he has done, Peter looks at his hands and discovers that he is back to his proper age. He then realizes if this has happened to him, he wonders if the opposite is true about the Vulture.Sure enough, the Vulture has become old again and he is furious. His raving is interrupted by the janitor from Empire State University, who is much more than he appears to be, and offers to help the Vulture fix this problem. An hour later, Spider-Man arrives at Empire State University and sees some men trying to carry the Juvinator out of the science building. Thinking they are thieves, he confronts them only to learn that they were hired to move the device by Doctor Benita Sanchez. Suddenly, Spider-Man is ambushed by the Vulture, but is able to dodge his attack thanks to his spider-sense. The Vulture is still furious at the wall-crawler denied his request to die when he discovered he had cancer. As Spider-Man is busy fighting the Vulture, the men finish loading the Juvinator and begin driving away. Unable to go after them, Spider-Man tags the truck with a spider-tracer. Once the truck has gotten away, the Vulture retreats as well. The web-slinger is about to go after him when he hears Doctor Sanchez screaming up in her office. Swinging up to help her, he is shocked when he sees Benita Sanchez being held at gunpoint by... Benita Sanchez? The Sanchez impostor tosses Benita out of the window, forcing Spider-Man to rescue her while the impostor escape. Getting Sanchez to safety, she asks Spider-Man to get the Juvinator back.Swinging across the city, Spider-Man discovers that the spider-tracer is out of range. He has suspicions as to who the phony Benita Sanchez might be. Thankfully he was able to memorize the license plate number on the truck. With this information, Spider-Man goes to the Daily Bugle where, as Peter Parker, he asks Ben Urich to use his NYPD connections to look it up. Peter declines to tell Ben why he needs this information and tells him he'll be back for it later. Peter decides to do something he should have done a long time ago. Later, Spider-Man pays a visit to Richard and Mary Parker at his Aunt May's house. He tells them not to be afraid and reveals to them that he is really their son, Peter Parker. This comes as a shock to Richard and Mary, but they are proud of him. When Aunt May comes home, Peter asks his parents to keep this a secret from her because she has been acting strangely recently and he isn't sure he can trust her with the truth yet. With that, Spider-Man leaves, finally feeling relieved that he told his parents the truth. Unfortunately for Peter, his relief may just become a nightmare. As soon as Peter is gone, Richard and Mary suddenly change their demeanor. With sinister looks upon their face, they realize what needs to be done next, they need to kill Peter.The Vulture is furious that he is still old after his mysterious benefactor promised to make him young again, this time for good. At first, the Vulture refuses to listen to his ally because they are in the form of Doctor Benita Sanchez. In order to regain the Vulture's trust by revealing his true identity by changing back to his true form, that of the Chameleon. In Manhattan, Peter Parker explains to Mary Jane how he made the decision to reveal his double identity to his parents. After hearing this, Mary Jane understands and realizes that this is the sort of thing she signed on for when they got married. Worried that Aunt May might be suffering from Alzheimer's, Peter changes into Spider-Man so he can web out to Queens and check on her. As he goes, Mary Jane realizes that she picked a very difficult time to quit smoking. Back in New Jersey, the Chameleon explains that he was spying on Doctor Sanchez in order to learn about the Juvinator device. When the Vulture made an attempt to steal it, the spy decided Toomes would make a great ally in his quest to become the reigning crime lord of New York City. When the Vulture explains that the vitality given to him from the Juvinator was temporary, the Chameleon points out that it is an artificial process and will work permanently by draining artificial life. In Queens, Peter tries to convince Aunt May to come see a specialist and she quickly understands why he wants her to see this doctor. Before they can discuss it further, they are interrupted by Richard and Mary who say they have a surprise for Peter. Their sudden appearance makes Peter's spider-sense go off and he realizes, for the first time, that Aunt May's suspicions might actually be correct. He declines, telling them that he has to show something to Aunt May. They both leave the house, where Peter tells May to go to Mary Jane in Manhattan and not come back until she hears from him. Frightened, May asks her nephew why, and Peter apologizes for not believing her before and that he is going to find out what these impostors want from him. Watching May walk away, "Richard" and "Mary" go over their mission programming. As artificial life forms, they were programmed to bring Spider-Man to their master as soon as they learned his secret identity. However, they are to do so without arousing suspicions of others, like May Parker. When "Mary" asks her "husband" why they need to carry out this programming, pointing out that Peter is a good man, "Richard" explains that her emotions and feelings for their "son" are nothing more than programming that can now be ignored.Later that evening, Spider-Man has traveled to New Jersey to the address from the license plate of the vehicle involved in the Juvinator heist. Sneaking into the facility, the wall-crawler is not surprised to see that the second "Doctor Sanchez" was none other than his old foe, the Chameleon. At that moment, the Chameleon is informed by his men that his two covert operatives have returned. Watching from the vent, Spider-Man is shocked to discover that these operatives are the couple who have been claiming to be his parents. The Chameleon explains that "Richard" and "Mary" are artificial constructs made from the same technology as his shape-changing powers. He had them created in order to learn Spider-Man's secret identity. This revelation strikes Spider-Man harder than any blow he has ever physically endured. He chose Richard and Mary Parker due to Spider-Man's connection to Peter Parker. When the Vulture asks why the Chameleon did all this, the spy explains that he did it to avenge the death of Kraven the Hunter.When the Chameleon asks the "Parkers" to tell him the true identity of Spider-Man, the wall-crawler reveals his presence in order to stop them. The Vulture is furious that the wall-crawler is there and wonders how the hero found them. That's when the Chameleon notices a spider-tracer that Spider-Man planted on him earlier. When "Richard" tries to blurt out Spider-Man's true identity, he is gagged by his "wife", who still thinks of Spider-Man as her "son". When the Chameleon's minions come rushing in, the web-slinger easily knocks them out. In the meantime, the Chameleon uses a device to cause "Richard" to transform into a massive form. Wanting to add a psychological aspect to this new threat, he makes sure that the creature still has half of Richard Parker's face. Even though he knows this is an artificial construct, Spider-Man finds it difficult to strike out against his "father". This leaves the web-head on the defensive as he dodges the constructs blows and weapons created by its morphing abilities. When the Vulture tries to join the battle, "Mary" strikes him in the back of the head with a pipe. When the villain tries to threaten her, Spider-Man leaps to her aid. When "Richard" tries to attack Spider-Man while his back is turned, the wall-crawler quickly turns and strikes his "father". In the ensuing chaos, the Chameleon dropped his control device and it shatters on the ground. With no way of controlling his constructs, the Chameleon tries to flee.Meanwhile, Spider-Man continues to battle "Richard", with little success thanks to the constructs shape-shifting body. The battle quickly ends when "Mary" tosses a live wire at her "husband", shorting him out. Seeing the lifeless form on the ground, it finally starts sinking into Spider-Man's mind that he was fighting an artificial being and not his father. That's when he hears his "mother" screaming. Turning, Spider-Man watches in horror as the Vulture uses the Juvinator device to absorb the artificial life force from "Mary's" body. Horrified, Spider-Man strikes the Vulture, knocking him out. However, it is too late as "Mary" has been aged to that of an elderly woman. Her final words were to tell Peter that they didn't know what they really were until it was too late and that she loves him. Having symbolically lost his parents a second time, Spider-Man cries out. Later, the authorities take the Vulture away, Spider-Man can't help but notice that zombie-like state that the Vulture is now in and wonders if he will be an empty shell for the rest of his life.Peter Parker doesn't get home until dawn, and after checking on his sleeping Aunt May tells Mary Jane that he is not going to rest until he finds who was responsible for this manipulation and make them pay.This story is continued in Spider-Man #45...This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #112...Continuing his hunt for the Chameleon, Spider-Man has followed his spider-tracer to the estate of Kraven the Hunter. He finds the device sitting in a freshly dug grave that has his name upon it. Spider-Man needs no reminder of the time that Kraven the Hunter buried him alive and stole his identity, and how Kraven had committed suicide after this scheme had failed. Spider-Man thought he put the horror of those events behind him, but he was proven wrong when the Chameleon created simulacrums of his parents in a twisted revenge scheme. The wall-crawler mourned the loss of his parents a second time, but now the time for mourning is over as he is seeking revenge against his oldest foe. Storming across the yard, Spider-Man enters Kraven's mansion and calls out the Chameleon to come out.Instead of his foe, Spider-Man's spider-sense warns him of the approach of four tigers. He is not frightened of the large cats, and warns the Chameleon that this will not stop him, that he will track the villain down and kill him for what he has done. Watching this from the main control room is the Chameleon, who has taken on the form of Kraven the Hunter. Hearing Spider-Man's threats, the spy wonders what he has gotten himself into. He has never seen the web-slinger so angry before and that anger causes him so much fear that he briefly loses hold on his current form. He thinks about how he came to this, that he had to repay a debt to Kraven for all their years of friendship, for Kraven sharing his life-extending serums. All the Chameleon ever wanted was to be like Kraven, and now he finally has the opportunity. Downstairs, Spider-Man defeats the tigers, and although he fights them with the same savage ferocity, he refuses to take the lives of the animals. With this first threat out of the way, Spider-Man once more shouts into the darkness, warning his foe that he is coming. From the control room, Spider-Man's fury once more strikes fear into the heart of the Chameleon, who wonders if he took things too far this time.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is searching the mansion for sign of his foe. In one room he happens upon a coffin covered in spiders. Opening it, he finds a manequin dressed in a Spider-Man costume inside. Pulling the mask off the dummy, the featureless face underneath reminds Spider-Man of his foe and he strikes it with such fury that the mannequin's head explodes into fragments. Seeing how shaken Spider-Man was made by this, the Chameleon begins to feel his confidence coming back. In the next room, the wall-crawler is disoriented when the lights go off, followed by a blinding flash of light. Suddenly, the taxidermied trophies in this room begin to fire laser beams from their eyes. Thanks to his spider-sense, Spider-Man leaps past these defenses and kicks down the door on the opposite end of the room. The Chameleon, still in the form of Kraven the Hunter, tries to strike Spider-Man across the head with a staff. However, the wooden weapon shatters harmlessly across the hero's head. Spider-Man advances forward, easily disarming the Chameleon. The villain tries to throw off the wall-crawler by assuming the appearance of Peter Parker and asks Spider-Man why he hurt his family. This distracts Spider-Man long enough for the Chameleon to blast him with bio-electric blasters built into his vest.The Chameleon then runs out into the storm outside, once more doubting his feelings. He thinks back to how Kraven tortured him and treated him like a pesant when they were growing up. That cruelty continued until the revolution that saw the downfall of the Kravenoff family. Getting into a panic, he begins firing his rifle into the darkness as he hears the wall-crawler approaching. Fearing capture, the Chameleon then decides to take his own life in much the same way Kraven did: suicide by gunshot to the head. However, before he can pull the trigger, Spider-Man ambushes him and rips the weapon away. Spider-Man refuses to let his foe take the easy way out. The Chameleone begs Spider-Man to spare him, that he is a nobody. The wall-crawler then lifts up the tombstone that bears his name and is prepared to crush the Chameleon under its weight. With his death imminent, the Chameleon suffers a complete breakdown, turning his face into a blank visage before going into a catatonic state. Getting control over himself and his anger, Spider-Man tosses the tombstone aside and webs up the Chameleon for the authorities.Going back into the mansion, Spider-Man finds the Chameleon's control room and begins looking through his computer files. There he discovers a file addressed to himself and opens it. A video of Harry Osborn, the Green Goblin, appears on the screen. The Goblin explains that he was the mastermind behind all of this and that he devised this whole scheme in order to get back against Spider-Man for killing his father, Norman Osborn, the original Green Goblin. With his scheme revealed, the Green Goblin ends his recording by saying "Gotcha!" The taunting word echos through out the room as the words also rip through Spider-Man's soul.Upon learning that his friend, the late Harry Osborn, was responsible for creating the simulacrums that posed as his parents, Peter Parker goes to the Osborn estate on Long Island. In the mansion, Peter reflects on his on-going feud with the Osborn family. How Harry recently became the Green Goblin had perished due to his hatred of Spider-Man, much like his father Norman before him. Peter has come to the conclusion that Norman Osborn had won by distorting his own son into doing something so horrific. His anger getting the best of him, Peter rips apart a portrait of the Osborns and begins trashing the room until his anger is finally vented, he then sits in the darkness in total silence. Meanwhile, at the Ravencroft Institute for the Criminally Insane in Westchester County, Doctor Ashley Kafka watches security footage of the Frances Barrison, aka the woman known as Shriek. Of all her patients, Kafka finds her the most perplexing, given her violent behavior and her desire to form some kind of family unit. She believes that if she can reach through to Barrison, she will be able to help her find that which she craves. Ashley's thoughts are interrupted by her assistant Edward Wheland. He tells her that Malcolm McBride is ready for their next session. Learning that Malcolm is still agitated, she explains that he is still coming to terms with his guilt. Ashley then pays a visit to Malcolm in his room where he is being comforted by his mother. McBride tells her of the nightmares he has been having since he has been cured. In it, the city streets are filled with the bodies of all his victims until he himself is attacked by his alter-ego, Carrion. He warns her that in his dreams, Carrion has come for Malcolm to take the creature back. While in Forest Hills, Aunt May wakes up from a nightmare, shouting Peter's name. Looking over a photo of young Peter with his parents, taken before they died, she wonders why the two impostors came after her nephew and why. She also begins to wonder how she could have been so easily fooled and blames it on getting old. Either way, she resolves to be strong for Peter's sake.While on Manhattan's Upper West Side, Mary Jane waits for her husband Peter to return home. As she waits, she strikes a match and contemplates lighting a cigarette. She wonders if Peter is aware of how much he hurts her. She then decides to stop using cigarettes to cope and snuffs out the match and tosses the cigarette into the garbage. When she hears Peter come in, Mary Jane approaches him. Finding her husband sitting on the bed, she tries to explain her feelings to him, but he doesn't even acknowledge her. She threatens to leave, but after a moment sits next to Peter on the bed. She tells Peter that she don't need to run away anymore, and says that their love is all they need. While she kisses Peter, she then drops her pack of cigarettes onto the ground. Back at Ravencroft, Ashley Kafka continues her session with Malcolm as they walk through the facility. Malcolm reflects on all the death caused by his alter-ego and has concluded that he is insane. Kafka doesn't buy it and decides to show him what true insanity is by taking him down to Shriek's cell. When they enter, Shriek stops screaming as she feels Malcolm's presence and finds it familiar. Although he is no longer Carrion, she still recognizes him as her "son". She blasts the observation window, shattering it. The force of the blow sends Ashley falling to the ground. Shriek then picks her up and tosses her at a nearby wall. When McBride tries to flee but is easily caught by Shriek. Leaping out of a nearby window and taking to the air, Shriek assures him that his "mother" will take care of him. Hearing the noise, Malcolm's real mother rushes to the window to see Shriek carrying her son away. At that moment, Mary Jane wakes after a bad nightmare to discover that her husband has left. Mary Jane once more finds herself wondering if Peter fully understands how much his absences hurt her. Seeing the pack of cigarettes on the floor, she picks it up and angrily throws it out the open window. Peter is swinging across the city, knowing that leaving his wife again so soon is going to cause problems in his marriage. He notices the look of fear in her eyes, that she is afraid that he is going to get hurt because of his double life. He is also afraid that he may lose her along with everyone else. With all these troubled thoughts, he decides he needs to speak to an expert, Doctor Ashley Kafka. As he heads toward Ravencroft, he is unaware that she has been seriously injured and is now receiving medical attention.In Manhattan, Mary Jane sits by the window of the home she shares with her husband Peter Parker. She thinks about all the recent tragedies that have happened and fears how it is affecting their marriage. She wants things to get back to how they were but fears that Peter has drifted too far. While in Queens, Aunt May is also looking out of her own window thinking about her own hardships. With everything that has happened, she thinks about how troubled her life was before she met her late husband, Ben Parker. Since Ben was murdered, she has lived her life by his example, always believing that he is always looking over her shoulder. While at Ravencroft Institute, John Jameson thinks about the recent crisis at the facility when his thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of Spider-Man. As cheif of security, John begins berating Spider-Man for potentially breaching security by coming into the facility. That's when the wall-crawler reminds Jameson that he has a security pass allowing him entry, so he doesn't need to break in. Apologizing for his outburst, John tells Spider-Man what has happened. By the time they get to the infirmary to see Doctor Ashley Kafka, the wall-crawler learns how Ashley was injured when Shriek escapes with Malcolm McBride earlier that evening.As soon as he hears who escaped, Spider-Man abruptly leaves to begin his search for Shriek. As he swings through the city, Peter continues to withdraw from his civilian identity, pushing all thoughts of his wife and Aunt May out of his mind. Instead, he focuses on finding and capturing Shriek. While down below on the streets, Beatrice McBride drives around Manhattan trying to find a sign of her son Malcolm. Elsewhere, Malcolm begs Shriek to tell him why this is happening. She explains that she isn't doing anything to harm him, in fact, if anyone harmed him it was Ashley Kafka. She intends to change Malcolm back into Carrion. She picks out a house where they will stay the night. While she is distracted, McBride tries to flee, but he is easily recaptured by Shriek. Forcing herself and Malcolm into the house, the awaken the owner. He demands to know what is happening and is tossed out the window in response to his demands. Shriek then tries to comfort Malcolm in an effort to bring out Carrion once more.The following morning, Mary Jane pays a visit to Aunt May in order to talk to her about Peter. She quickly becomes angry when Aunt May begins doting over her instead of focusing on the serious issues, particularly the recent revelation that the couple claiming to be Peter's parents were revealed to be impostors. Mary Jane is furious that neither May, nor Peter, want to face the reality of the situation as though they are devoid of feeling. This finally cuts through May's doting exterior, and she tells Mary Jane that she does feel. Reminding her of all the losses she had to endure over the years: Peter's parents, her husband Ben, Gwen Stacy, and most recently, he fiancee Nathan Lubenski. She is furious that Mary Jane would accuse her of having no feelings, and points out that she is very well aware of what what is happening. As Mary Jane apologizes, Aunt May flips back to her usual doting self, asking Mary Jane what she wants for breakfast.While back at their safehouse, Malcolm McBride insists that Shriek take him back to Ravencroft so he can continue his treatment and full purge the Carrion virus from his body. However, Shriek has no intention of doing so, violently reminding him that her whole purpose for bringing him was so Carrion could come back and she can reunite their "family" again. She lashes out at him, but stops herself and begins to apologize, saying that she is doing what she does because she cares. Malcolm then begins to beg her, demanding that if she would let him gp if she really cares. Before she can do anything, Spider-Man arrives and uses a web-line to slam her into a nearby wall. Shriek is furious at Spider-Man's interference, and wants to make him pay for taking everything away from her. Continuing to shed his own humanity, Spider-Man lays into her without a single word.This works until Shriek begins begging him not to hurt her anymore, causing the wall-crawler to make an all-too-human pause. This was all a ploy by Shriek, who points out the web-slinger is no different than Ashley Kafa. Taking Spider-Man down with a single blast, she promises Spider-Man that when she is finally done with him, he will be exactly like her. At that moment, back in Queens, Aunt May sees Mary Jane out. Once Mary Jane is gone, May suddenly feels a gripping pain in her cheast, and tries to fight off the coming pain because Peter needs her. At this time, Shriek has finished mentally probing Spider-Man. She figures that he may make an idea replacement father for Carrion. She then realizes how she can use her power to bring back Carrion. Using her sonic powers she bombards Malcolm's mind, accellerating Malcolm's transformation into Carrion. Back in control of his body, Carrion proclaims that Malcolm McBride is dead, and soon, so will Spider-Man. With that, Carrion grabs the wall-crawler by the face, activating his deadly touch. While back in Queens, Mary Jane has returned to Aunt May's house to talk to her some more. Calling out to May, she gets no response. Looking around, Mary Jane is horrified to discover Aunt May laying completely still on the floor.Shriek has succeeded in changing Malcolm McBride back into Carrion, and the ghoulish creature's first order of business is to use his touch of death on Spider-Man. However, Shriek has other plans for the wall-crawler and forces Carrion off him. Carrion is confused and asks her what she intends to do with their mutual foe. Shriek has decided to use her power to change Spider-Man so that he becomes just like them so that Spider-Man can serve as a "new father" for her "family". Carrion is still confused and disorientated by the lingering memories of his alter-ego, but Shriek tells him to ignore those sounds and takes him away to continue the next phase of her plan. Shortly after their departure, Spider-Man tries to struggle back to his feet but begins to black out. Instead of fighting the sensation, the wall-crawler welcomes the feeling of oblivion. Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, Mary Jane is at the hospital after Aunt May has suffered a stroke. Doctor Julia Caputo tells Mary Jane that May is in a coma and that they don't know if she will pull out of it, and what her state of mind will be if and when she does. Standing silently over Aunt May's comatose body, and pleads that the frail old woman not die. Meanwhile, in Greenwich Village, Shriek and Carrion have forced themselves into a clothing store to obtain new costumes to wear. While putting on her new outfit, Shriek begins to think back to when she was a child and how she was shunned by her family for being overweight. This causes her to suddenly lash out with her powers, destroying the whole store. In the aftermath of the emotional backlash, Carrion finally remembers that Shriek is not his mother and asks her once again to let him go. While at the McBride home, Beatrice McBride calls Ravencroft for an update. John Jameson has nothing new to report about her missing son and she promises to send out a prayer for Ashley Kafka. Getting off the phone, Beatrice looks at a photo of her son and begins to cry, telling herself that she will pray for everyone.At that moment, Peter Parker returns home to his apartment and finds no trace of Mary Jane. Exhausted after his ordeals, he crashes onto the bed and sleeps. It's not until much later, when he wakes up, that he finds a note from his wife telling him about Aunt May's stroke. Spider-Man swings to the hospital where he looks into Aunt May's hospital room. There he sees Mary Jane waiting over May's unconscious body. Horrified by this sight, Spider-Man swings away, but not before being spotted by Mary Jane. Mary Jane returns to her home where she finds Peter in tears. When she tries to comfort him, Peter loses his temper and begins trashing the apartment until he runs out of energy. Exhausted, Peter allows his wife to cradle him in her arms, and tells her that this isn't fair.While in Astoria, Beatrice McBride answers her door to find Shriek and Carrion waiting outside. Shriek wants to speak to the McBride woman about her "son". However, Beatrice points out that Malcolm is not Shriek's son. To prove her point, Shriek orders Carrion to murder his biological mother. Back in Manhattan, Mary Jane checks on her husband and is shocked to discover that Peter was webbed himself up in a cocoon, suspended above their bed. Deciding that her husband wants to be left alone, Mary Jane leaves him be. When she returns later that night, she discovers the cocoon in tatters on the bed and no sign of Peter. Swinging across the city, Spider-Man thinks of his emergency from a cocoon as the symbolic death of Peter Parker, leaving nothing left but the spider. In Astoria, Shriek continues to convince Carrion that he is her son, and to kill Beatrice. However, before the confused ghoul can make up his mind, they are interrupted by the arrival of Spider-Man.At the gravesite of Gwen Stacy, a mysterious man shows up and leaves a single flower on her grave before turning around and leaving. Meanwhile, in Astoria, Spider-Man has interrupted Shriek and Carrion just moments before Shriek can convince Carrion to murder his biological mother, Beatrice McBride. Shriek is furious that Spider-Man continues to interfere in her affairs but doesn't understand why he is silent. Beatrice calls out to Spider-Man, telling her to save her son, Malcolm. Furious that Beatrice is claiming ownership of Carrion, Shriek lashes out at her with a sonic attack. Quickly, and without a single word, Spider-Man lunges forward and savagely beats Shriek into unconsciousness. Carrion is about to attack when his mother calls out and tells him that Spider-Man is their friend. Carrion is confused and stops to think it over while the wall-crawler checks on the McBride woman. However, Carrion decides to side with Shriek and attacks Spider-Man, intending to kill the wall-crawler with his death touch. However, Spider-Man easily overpowers his attacker, and as he thrashes Carrion across the room, he finally speaks. The web-head has come to wonder what the point was to come and try to save Malcolm if all McBride is going to do is allow Carrion to remain in control and try and kill him. As he asks these questions, Shriek comes around and hears Spider-Man once more ask why he should care.Meanwhile, Mary Jane visits Aunt May in the hospital who has been in a coma since suffering a stroke. She decides to talk to May about everything that is going on, even though May not be able to hear her. She explains that her husband, Peter, has completely withdrawn from his feelings. The recent tragedies have become too much and he has ran away from everybody. She now realizes that Peter is doing the same thing that she has been doing for years, running away from her problems. She has decided that she can't fix their marriage unless she comes to terms with her own past. Tearfully, she explains that she needs to leave and reconcile things with her father. However, Mary Jane isn't leaving May alone, she has called her Aunt Anna, who is coming up from Florida to keep an eye on her.Back in Astoria, Spider-Man has turned the tables on Carrion and begins to beat his foe mercilessly. It's only when Beatrice McBride begs Spider-Man to stop that the wall-crawler realizes what he has done. As he apologizes, his spider-sense tries to warn him, but he is too late to evade a sonic blast from Shriek. She is disgusted that Spider-Man could so easily turn away from savagery and once more tries to get Carrion onto her side. Totally conflicted at this point, Carrion instead decides to turn his touch of death upon himself. Beatrice is horrified and tries to stop her son, but Shriek tries to stop her. However, it finally sinks into her mind that Beatrice truly loves her son. Touched by this, Shriek leaps in and uses her powers to purge the Carrion virus from within Carrion, reverting him back to Malcolm McBride. Checking on Shriek, Spider-Man discovers that she is dying and quickly leaves to get her to a hospital. Meanwhile, the mystery man who visited Gwen Stacy's grave has come to Midtown High. His silent vigil is interrupted by a security guard who asks him what he is doing. The mystery man explains that he used to go to Midtown High for what feels like lifetimes ago. The guard can understand his feelings for nostalgia but tells him to go without causing any trouble. No sooner as those words are out of the guard's mouth, does he notice that the mysterious stranger has disappeared.By this time, Spider-Man has brought Shriek to a hospital. After she is carried away by the doctors on staff, he realizes that he subconciously came to the hospital where Aunt May is resting in a coma. He decides to finally pay her a visit. Climbing into the room, Peter removes his mask and stares at his infirm Aunt for a time before leaving. When he returns home, he finds another note from Mary Jane, telling him that she has left to sort thinks out with her father. This is yet another nail in the coffin for the wall-crawler, who goes out into the night again. Sitting atop a stone gargoyle in the middle of Manhattan, he once more considers that Peter Parker is dead and that only the spider remains.The story continues from Web of Spider-Man #117...In New York City, the clone of Peter Parker looks down upon the city from the rooftops. His mind is full of memories, but he knows that these are not his, but those of the real Peter Parker. Even though he believes that he is nothing more than a fraud, he refuses to leave the bedside of May Parker, Peter's aunt, who is in a coma and may be dying. Meanwhile, in Westchester, authorities have gathered around Ravencroft Institute after it has been surrounded by an impenetrable forcefield created by Judas Traveller. Among them are Doctor Ashley Kafka and John Jameson, head of Ravencroft security. Kafka is afraid considering the facility is filled with super-powered criminals and it appears that the staff was teleported out of the facility. That's when she realizes that her assistant, Edward Wheland is not among the staff. Inside, Judas has Edward by the throat but assures him not to be afraid. He demonstrates to his assistants, Chakra, and Mr. Nacht, that this is yet another example of the monsters that hide within humanity and eventually erode their way to the surface. His mental probes cause Edward to transform into the Vermin again, much to the intrigue of Mr. Nacht. He wants at least one person to know peace, as there is still much more suffering to be endured before the night is out.Elsewhere in the facility, Spider-Man leaps through the complex searching for those responsible for taking it over. He does so without a word, as he has given up being Peter Parker in order to totally embrace the spider. As he leaps through the facility, he remembers what brought him here, the warning from Chakra that if he did not come, Judas Traveller would kill all the patients inside. He refuses to allow anyone to be murdered, even though Judas Traveller had threatened to release the prisoners if they are spared. Unaware that his every move is being watched, Spider-Man happens upon the holding cell of the Chameleon. He remembers how his foe was responsible for the impostors posing as his parents. Even though he still has feelings of revenge, he sees how the Chameleon is now completely insane and considers his job done. He then turns and sees Carnage in his cell. Seeing someone completely lacking in morality causes Spider-Man to consider the pointlessness of everything. Needing to clear his head, the wall-crawler scurried into another room to think.Meanwhile, at La Guardia airport, Mary Jane waits to board her plane to Pittsburgh so she can reconcile with her sister and father. When she hears the boarding call Mary Jane begins having cold feet and wants to go back to care for May and her husband, Peter Parker. Stopping her is her Aunt Anna, who is unhappy with the fact that Peter has abandoned his wife and aunt during these troubled times. However, she insists that Mary Jane go visit her family, assuring Mary Jane that she will call if there is any news about May's condition. Mary Jane is convinced to go, and she says she will call once she reaches her sister Gayle's place. Anna assures her niece that everything is going to be okay, but as soon as the plane takes off for Pittsburgh, Anna Watson begins to cry. While at the hospital in Forest Hills, the clone of Peter Parker watches over May Parker's bed, fighting with the implanted memories and feelings that are coursing through his mind. He fears about what will happen to May and begins to cry at her bedside. He is interrupted by May's doctor, Julia Caputo. Mistaking the clone for the real Peter Parker, she thinks "Peter" could use a friend. The very sentiment is very welcoming to the troubled clone.Back at Ravencroft, Spider-Man continues to venture deeper into the facility. The whole time he is being stalked by the man known as Scrier. Sensing the mysterious figure with his spider-sense and increasingly paranoid Spider-Man calls out to the man to show himself. Rushing down a hallway, the web-slinger is blinded by a light coming through a doorway and goes to investigate it. As he gets close, the hand of Judas Traveller smashes through the glass door and grabs the web-head by the throat. Judas decides to look into Spider-Man's mind to see what he can find there and begins to laugh. This angers Spider-Man and he begins to strike at Judas, insisting that he is a man. Unaffected by the blows, Traveller agrees that Spider-Man is indeed a man, all be it a broken one. Accepting this, Spider-Man crumples into a withering pile on the floor feebly calling out to all those he ever loved until finally he screams and passes out. With the wall-crawler defeated, Scrier asks Judas what the next phase of their plan is. Judas tells his ally that they are not done quite yet as when he probed Spider-Man's mind he discovered that there is another spider out there. Moments later, at the hospital, the clone wakes up to his spider-sense warning him of a coming danger. He is then confronted by the astral form of Chakra. She offers him a choice: Stay here and let the true Spider-Man die, and usurp his life, or come to Ravencroft to rescue him. As this offer is being made, Spider-Man has been restrained and placed within one of the cells. When the web-slinger wakes up, he wakes up screaming.... This story continues in Spider-Man #51.This story continues from Spectacular Spider-Man #217...Clifford White, a drug dealer, is making an early morning deal when suddenly, the sale is interrupted by the sound of a massive growl. When he opens the door, he is horrified to see the feral form of the Puma waiting on the other side. Turning to get reinforcements, he is shocked to see that they have been incapacitated by the vigilante calling herself Nocturne. With the armed guards knocked out, the Puma is about to attack White, but Nocturne manages to convince him to stop. Instead of physically harming Clifford, Nocturne uses her empathic powers to make him feel the agony of those of the drug addicts he preys upon them. Screaming in agony, Clifford White's last thoughts are wishing that the Puma had killed him after all.Meanwhile, in Forest Hills, Spider-Man returns to the home owned by his Aunt May. He wonders why he has come here since he has abandoned the identity of Peter Parker and embracing the spider. He wonders why he has come back to this place, part of Peter Parker's past, especially since he is embracing the spider. After his recent ordeal at Ravencroft, he isn't too sure on that anymore. Sitting in May's bedroom, Spider-Man pulls off his mask. Although he can't deal with Peter Parker's life right now, the wall-crawler figures he can at least reminisce on the past. He thinks about his childhood growing up here with his Aunt May and Uncle Ben, and how he felt safe back in those days. However, as soon as he thinks this, Peter snuffs out the memory and quickly leaves the house, swinging off into the rainy night.At that moment in Pittsburg, Mary Jane is standing outside her sister Gayle's house in the pouring rain. She has come here to try and reconcile her past. Finally gathering up the courage, Mary Jane knocks on her sister's front door. When Gayle answers, Mary Jane is at a loss for words and asks if she can come in. Gayle is happy to see her sister and welcomes her in with open arms.Back in Manhattan, Nocturne and Puma are prowling the city until Nocturne can no longer ignore the anguish that is calling out to her. In Queens, Spider-Man has arrived at Midtown High, where he once more thinks about the past. He remembers his teenage years before he became Spider-Man. He remembers Principal Davis, who had such high hopes for Parker. He also remembers how he was bullied by Flash Thompson, the school jock. Lastly, he remembers Liz Allan, his first high school crush and how he only discovered that she had feelings for him until the day they graduated, and by then it was too late. He thinks about all his struggles during those years, being bullied, his Aunt May's constant frailties, and his work for the Daily Bugle. Back then, he couldn't even begin to imagine how cold the world could be. His thoughts are suddenly interrupted by a loud growl. His spider-sense warns him of Puma's ambush before the feral creature can land an attack. Spider-Man evades the Puma's blows, and becomes furious that this is yet another villain who has come back from the dead. After fighting off the Puma, Spider-Man is approached by Nocturne, who asks the wall-crawler to follow her. After a moment's thought, the web-slinger agrees to follow her. She takes Spider-Man and the Puma Inwood Park. There she explains to Spider-Man for the first time how she was transformed by one of Baron Zemo's inventions. She then engages in a mind link to show Spider-Man how she came upon the Puma living in an alley, having completely shed his human identity, leaving only the animal behind. As she explains this, the Puma finally begins to remember Spider-Man and their longtime feud. Before he can attack, Nocturne gets in the way and is slashed across the face. With his friend down, Spider-Man leaps at the Puma prepared to attack.... This story continues in Spectacular Spider-Man #218.This story continues from Spectacular Spider-Man #218...Daredevil ambushes a couple of crooks in an alley, demanding to know where he can find the Owl. Although he gives the two thugs a rough beating, they don't know where the Owl can be found. After he is done, he tells Spider-Man to show himself as he is aware that the wall-crawler has been following him. Spider-Man comes down from the rooftops and tells Daredevil that he has come for a friend, calling him by his first Matt. However, Daredevil shocks him by telling the wall-crawler that he is no Matt Murdock and that Murdock is dead. He tells the wall-crawler to leave Murdock dead and buried. Spider-Man leaps in front of Daredevil and tells him that he is as well.Meanwhile, high above the city, the Owl stands atop a radio thinking to himself, unaware that he is being observed by someone else. When the Owl begins gliding across the city, he is intercepted by the Vulture. The Vulture tells the Owl that he is late for their meeting, and calls him "brother". The Owl tells him that they are not brothers, but the Vulture insists that time will tell. Meanwhile, in Pittsburg, Mary Jane finds that she cannot sleep on her sister's couch and decides to go out to the backyard. Being in the backyard brings up memories of her childhood. She remembers a time that she and her sister Gayle were playing in the backyard while their mother knitted. This moment was interrupted when her father, came outside to berate them for making too much noise. When young Mary Jane tried to explain that they were only doing what their father told them, he scolded her. This memory causes Mary Jane to cry. That's when he is joined by her sister Gayle who asks her to talk about what she is thinking about.Back in New York, Spider-Man continues to follow Daredevil, insisting that they talk. He has been watching Daredevil for days and isn't fooled by the media reports. He doesn't know who was buried, but he is certain that it is not Matt Murdock. Spider-Man explains that he came for Daredevil's help because he is the closest thing to a kindred spirit he has. He has come to find out how Daredevil managed to bury his past and start all over again. The Man Without Fear insists that he is not Matt Murdock, and tells the wall-crawler that even if he was Murdock, he wouldn't be able to help Spider-Man. Still, Spider-Man persists, insisting that he needs to bury Peter Parker for good. The pair almost come to blows, but Spider-Man reminds Daredevil that they both understand the needs of their double lives. This finally gets through to Daredevil who tells Spider-Man to come with him so they can pay their respects to the dead.He takes Spider-Man to Matt Murdock's grave, where he tells Spider-Man that if he was Murdock, still insisting that he isn't, his advice to the wall-crawler would be to kill Peter Parker and forget he ever existed. After this advice, Spider-Man still lingers, prompting Daredevil to ask the web-slinger what he wants now. Spider-Man suggests that they should hang out, piquing his interest when he suggests they go hunting the Owl together. At that moment at a derelict mansion, the Owl listens to the Vulture's pitch. The Vulture is offering him the Owl the opportunity to erase his past by killing everyone who had previously known him. To demonstrate this, he lethally injects a man right in front of the Owl. The horrifies Leland demands that the Vulture give the man the antidote. That's when the Vulture explains that there isn't one, and decides to give the man a mercy by breaking his neck. This horrifies the Owl even more, and he demands to know what the Vulture is planning. His would-be ally explains that he intends to infect a large number of birds and unleash them upon the city in order to kill everyone who knows who Adrian Toomes and Leland Owlsley were. Hearing this scheme, the Owl wants nothing to do with it and flees the scene. The Owl is eventually confronted by Daredevil and Spider-Man, who have come to bring him to justice. The Owl is not looking forward to a fight and warns the pair to not mess with him. As they listen to these threats, Spider-Man's spider-sense begins to go off. He is too late to stop one of the Vulture's infected bird dive bombs him. Although Spider-Man is only nicked, the web-slinger begins to succumb to the poison. While Daredevil goes to Spider-Man's aid, the Owl manages to escape.This story is continued in Spectacular Spider-Man #219...Wracked with pain from the poison coursing through his body, Spider-Man web-slings across the city. As he does so, he is unaware that he is being observed by the mystery man known as Kaine, who knows some sinister secret about the wall-crawler. Trying to ignore the pain, Spider-Man is suddenly struck with a foreign memory, an image of himself growing in a cloning tank. This causes Spider-Man to lose consciousness and he falls down onto a rooftop above him. Spider-Man's body is discovered by his old foe Doctor Octopus. He has been watching Spider-Man since his most recent escape from the Vault, and he has noticed that the hero has changed and he doesn't like what he sees. He thinks of their long-standing rivalry, and it causes him to wonder when he truly became Doctor Octopus. Was it during his first battle with Spider-Man, or was it years earlier thanks to an abusive father and smothering mother. Having learned that the Vulture had succeeded in poisoning Spider-Man, he wanted to see the truth for himself. Saddened by the state of his foe, Doctor Octopus decides to leave the wall-crawler to live out whatever life he has left so he can resume his current schemes. When Spider-Man finally wakes up, he is unaware of his encounter with Doctor Octopus, or that Kaine is still watching him. He is about ready to surrender to the fact that he was dying when he realizes that there is someone he can go to for help.Meanwhile, a voluptuous woman calling herself Stunner walks into a Manhattan bar called Lucky's, getting the attention of its all-male clientele. She revels in this attention, accusing these men of being adulterers and wife-beaters. When she asks them who is man enough to handle her, they are all speechless, just as she suspected. In response, Stunner trashes the entire bar. When the bartender reaches for his shotgun, Stunner is joined by Doctor Octopus who threatens to disembowel him if he shoots. Surprisingly, Octavius pays for the damage done to the bar before taking Stunner and leaving. They return to Otto's penthouse apartment, where Stunner asks if he is upset with her for what happened at the bar. Quite the contrary, Otto explains, saying that she is the best thing that has ever happened to him. He explains that he is upset about what has happened to Spider-Man. He explains that regardless of his hatred of his old foe, he always saw him as an honorable man, full of intelligence and good humor. However, it now seems that the Spider-Man of old is gone, and all that is left is a humorless thug, a persona -- much like what Doctor Octopus believes himself to have become. Otto then realizes how much he depended on Spider-Man to maintain a certain level of humanity. Stunner tries to cheer Otto up by telling him that everything he expects out of Spider-Man, she already sees in him. Suddenly, Stunner feels a strange sensation and tells him that she needs to go, but promises to be back. Despite Otto's protests, Stunner suddenly disappears. At first, Otto rages, but this eventually leads to despair. Later that evening, Mary Jane returns home from her trip to Pittsburgh. She discovers that her husband, Peter Parker, is not surprised given the state of their marriage. However, she refuses to walk away when Peter is going through so much. Seeing the mess in the kitchen, she decides that she is too exhausted to deal with it and goes to bed. She briefly considers calling the hospital to see how May is doing, but is too tired for that even and goes to bed. At this time, Spider-Man has forced himself awake and decides that the only thing he can do is go home to his wife so he doesn't spend his final moments alone. It's then that his mind is assaulted with the image of Peter Parker in a cloning tank. He screams for the image to get out of his head and loses his balance. He almost falls over the edge of the building, but he is caught by Stunner. However, she only saved his life so she could defeat the wall-crawler with himself. Too weak to fight back, Spider-Man takes a serious beating from Stunner, who is unimpressed with the battle. She is stopped by Doctor Octopus, who arrives on the scene before she can kill his old foe. He realizes that there is something seriously wrong with Spider-Man. He thought the wall-crawler's illness was being faked, but now intends to find out what to do next. He then unmasks the web-slinger and is surprised to see that Spider-Man is actually Peter Parker.This story is continued in Spectacular Spider-Man #220...This story continues from Spectacular Spider-Man #220...Standing outside of a brownstone in Manhattan's Upper East Side, Doctor Octopus takes stock in the life of Peter Parker. He believes that Peter Parker has it all, a wonderful home, and a beautiful wife. Upon learning all this, Otto wonders if his old foe really wants to embrace death as much as he claims. Meanwhile, inside the Parker home, Peter Parker has just heard that Mary Jane is pregnant. This brings great joy to Peter and he begins to leap around the room. Thinking to himself, he prays that Aunt May wakes up from her coma and live long enough to meet this child. With this new revelation, Peter doesn't want to give up and die anymore and wonders how he is going to tell Mary Jane about the poison that threatens to kill him. Seeing how sad her husband now looks, Mary Jane assumes that Peter is worried about their finances. Peter tells her not to worry about anything, once more excited by the news that they are going to have a baby. Even though Mary Jane notices he is feverish, Peter rushes to the shower, telling her that they need to go to the hospital and tell May the good news, hoping that this could snap her out of her coma. While her husband is in the bathroom, Mary Jane's mood goes from joy to concern. She is now considering Peter's altered DNA and wonders what sort of child she may have as a result. Soon, Peter and Mary Jane are at the hospital where Aunt May now rests. Peter tells May that he is going to have a child and begs for her to come out of her coma so she can meet his child. Unfortunately, May doesn't come out of her coma, and the Parkers leave. However, this news has caused a stir in May, who is teetering on the brink of letting go and allowing herself to pass away. Although her mind is tired and wants to let go, she feels that something keeps her tethered to the world of the living. Later, Peter and Mary Jane go out for dinner at a fancy restaurant to celebrate the good news. However, Peter begins to feel dizzy and drops his glass on the ground. A man takes charge of the situation, suggesting that Mary Jane take her husband home. However, as the Parkers have come here often, she mistakes this man as a staff member that they have not met yet. The man corrects her, saying that he doesn't work at the restaurant and then abruptly leaves. Suddenly, Peter's spider-sense goes off and he sees Doctor Octopus standing on the roof from across the street. Despite Mary Jane's protests, Peter insists that he needs to go adn rushes off to change into Spider-Man.Spider-Man is furious that yet another villain is invading his civilian life and is tired of it, and attacks Octavius. Although the wall-crawler is trying to attack him, Otto insists that he has come to try and help cure Spider-Man of the poison that is slowly killing him. Spider-Man begins to vaguely remember being in Octavius' lab recently. Growing weak again, Spider-Man asks the Doctor why he wants to help. Otto explains that Spider-Man gives him a sense of continuity and inspires and wants to save Peter Parker's life so they can continue their rivalry. With no other choice, Spider-Man accepts the offer and takes otto's hand. Meanwhile, Stunner is spending her time away from her lover to test out her powers. As she exercises across Central Park. There she grinds to a halt when someone shouts a warning to stay away from Doctor Octopus. She looks around for the source of the warning but finds no trace of who said it. Not far away stands the assassin known as Kaine. He is satisfied with giving her his warning and leaves Stunner to her fate. At that moment, at Doctor Octopus' lab, the villain has crafted what he claims is an antidote for the wall-crawler. Despite his reservations, Peter drinks the antidote and fees better at first. However, he suddenly screams in pain and falls to the ground. Otto stands as his foe seemingly dies, and smiles. Suddenly, Peter's soul leaves his body and he finds himself among the souls swirling around the portal to the afterlife. Parker refuses to accept the fact that he is dead. That's when he is approached by the spirit of Nick Katzenberg. Nick reminds Peter that souls that are unwilling to accept that they are dead are stuck among the living until they finally resign to the fact that have moved on. Refusing to accept the truth, Peter flies back to the city below. He finds himself drawn to the hospital where Aunt May has been in a coma since her stroke. There he is visited by her spirit, who tells Peter that he shouldn't be here and that he has a great adventure ahead of him. When he asks her where he needs to go, she points out a bright star in the sky. Reminding him of his favorite story, Peter Pan, May tells Peter fly to the second star on the right and keep on flying until morning. With these words echoing in his head, Peter flies up toward the star and enters the light.... This story continues in Spectacular Spider-Man #221.This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #122...The Scarlet Spider lays unconscious on the snowy ground somewhere in the Catskill Mountains. His body is discovered by the assassin known as Kaine. As Kaine examines the body, Scrier arrives and tells Kaine that the Spider is not dead. When Kaine tells Scrier to leave him alone, the cloaked figure assures Kaine that he has nothing to fear from him yet and suddenly disappears. Kaine is relieved as he was not ready to deal with Scrier at this time. Suddenly, he detects someone coming and ducks into the shadows again. Soon, Spider-Man arrives on the scene, finding his clone passed out on the ground. Suddenly, the Scarlet Spider comes around, and the two compare notes. Both have been drawn to this location by strange mental pictures of Peter Parker growing in a cloning tank. Spider-Man was able to find his clone thanks to images of the Scarlet Spider that appeared in his head. They are soon interrupted by a diminutive man in a Jackal costume named Jack. He tells them that he knows why they have been drawn here but refuses to tell them yet. The two Spiders chase after him but lose him in the swirling snow. However, what they find instead is a strange door that appears to be floating in mid-air. Examining it, they find handprint scanners and place their hands on them. When the door opens, they find Jack on the other side. Entering, the Scarlet Spider grabs Jack by the throat and demands answers. That's when Spider-Man's spider-sense goes off, but the warning comes too late to prevent them from leaping out before the door closes behind them. Jack then urges the wall-crawlers to follow him deeper into the secret facility, warning them that it is the only way they can see the light of day again. Jack takes them to a massive lab facility. Jack says that this is where they were all created and tells them that the Jackal will be joining him soon. Spider-Man finds this hard to believe because he saw the Jackal die. Jack points out that he saw the Scarlet Spider die as well, yet he is alive as well. While they are distracted the two Spiders are attacked by a degenerating clone called the Guardian. However, he is only lashing out due to the pain that runs through his body as he degenerates. Despite Spider-Man's desire to do something, Jack points out that there is nothing they can do and they watch helplessly as the Guardian dies in Jack's arms. That's when Jack removes his Jackal mask revealing that he is a Peter Parker clone as well. He is also suffering from degeneration, telling the two Spiders that this is the fate of all of the clones created by Miles Warren. That's when the Jackal makes his presence known. Emerging from a regeneration tank, saying that Jack and Guardian were his earliest failures, but Spider-Man and the Scarlet Spider are his greatest successes. Having enhanced his body to the peak of physical perfection, the Jackal is able to fight off both Spiders when they try to attack. He then has Jack give him some clothes. As he dresses he tells them that he is not a clone of Miles Warren, but the genuine article. He has spend the past five years restructuring his body into a perfect form. He goes on to explain that the Miles Warren that appeared to die during their last encounter was a clone that stood in for him. The Jackal's mocking finally gets to Spider-Man who attacks his foe. However, he is stopped by the Scarlet Spider, who tells Spider-Man that the only way they are going to get answers as to what is going on is if they let the Jackal talk.Seeing that Guardian is dead, the Jackal takes a moment to mourn his passing. As he does so, Kaine arrives in the room, watching things from the shadows above. The Jackal explains that they are all Peter Parker or at least genetic duplicates of Parker. That the Scarlet Spider's arrival in the Catskills revived them, but they suffer from degeneration and don't last very long. He leads them a chamber and suggests that both Spider-Man and the Scarlet Spider are both clones, saying that the real Peter Parker could be in the stasis chamber in front of them. Spider-Man thinks the Jackal is lying and tries to attack again. When the Scarlet Spider tries to pull him away, Spider-Man fights him off. The wall-crawler refuses to believe that he is a clone especially after he has gotten his life back on track and is expecting a child. This revelation comes as a surprise to the Scarlet Spider. However, he is furious at Spider-Man, telling him that he is unable to face the possibility that his being a clone is true. However, Spider-Man refuses to be afraid, pointing out all of the villains he has defeated over the years even in the face of impossible odds.When Spider-Man finally says he can take whatever the Jackal is going to make him face, the Jackal obliges by opening the stasis chamber. However, instead of another Peter Parker, the two Spiders are surprised to discover that it contained a woman that the Jackal claims is the real Gwen Stacy.... This story continues in Spider-Man #56.This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #123...Spider-Man rushes to the hospital in Forest Hills where his Aunt May has been since she suffered a stroke. Quickly changing into Peter Parker, the hero meets with May's doctor and is brought into her room. There, Peter is surprised to see that his aunt has woken up from her coma. Although he knew May would snap out of her coma, Peter is brought to tears because he has so much to tell her. May wants to hear every word of it and is ready to go. However, Doctor Captuo insists that May remains in the hospital until they can run some more tests. No matter what the doctor and Peter say, May insists on going home. As this debate goes on, the Scarlet Spider listens from outside. When Peter catches a glimps of the Spider outside, he gets annoyed. The Scarlet Spider gets the message loud and clear and leaves. However, Ben Reilly wonders what would happen if May did see him. However, he recalls how Aunt May used to hate Spider-Man whenever she saw him on television. As he thinks out in the rain, the Scarlet Spider catches a glimpse of Kaine watching from the shadows, but he quickly disappears. Meanwhile, at Ravencroft Institute, the Jackal rants and raves in his cell, attracting the attention of one of his guards. When he has succeded, the Jackal drops the facade and explains that he was putting on a show. After explaining this, the Jackal goes back to ranting and raving like a lunatic. The following morning, Peter brings Aunt May back to her home. After so much time away the place feels like a museum to May. She is greeted by Peter's wife Mary Jane who has been cooking breakfast in the kitchen. May is able to tell that Mary Jane is pregnant without them telling her, and congratulates them. The says that it is intuition, remembering how she was able to tell when Peter's mother Mary was pregnant with him. She is delighted that they are soon to be parents, telling them that she learned that this is the greatest responsibility when she and her late husband Ben Parker raised Peter after his parents died. That's when May begins to feel faint and decides to lay down for a bit. As Mary Jane helps May upstairs, Peter can't bring himself to be totally happy.That's when the Scarlet Spider enters the room and tells Peter that they need to talk. Peter agrees, and the pair go out into the backyard. Thinking they are going out web-slinging, Peter changes into Spider-Man and insists they get going before someone spots them. After reminiscing about their childhood, the Scarlet Spider then tells Peter that he is leaving. This comes as a shock to Peter, as there are so many unanswered questions they need to get from the Jackal. However, the Scarlet Spider doesn't care, pointing out that it doesn't' matter for two reasons: The first is that with his Aunt May back and a baby on the way, Peter deserves some happiness. The other is the fact that Ben has been away for so long, that Peter Parker deserves to have this life. With that, Spider-Man bids the Scarlet Spider farewell and tells him to keep in touch. However, the Scarlet Spider insists that Peter will never see him again and leaps away.Meanwhile, up in Aunt May's room, she and Mary Jane remains on how long it too May and Anna Watson to set the pair up on a date. Mary Jane remarks how long it took her and Peter to fall in love when their aunts both clearly knew that it was bound to happen. As she falls asleep, May once more expresses how much she is proud of them, and the fact that the child will be blessed to have them as parents. However, Mary Janes say that they are blessed as they have her in their lives. Later, Peter and Mary Jane are watching old family movies. Peter remarks that if it wasn't for these old movies, he wouldn't have any memory of this time at all. This gets him thinking about Ben Reilly, and wonders if they are exactly the same person. Mary Jane points out that Ben Reilly is an imitation, and that nobody can clone Peter Parker's heart and nobody can take that away from him.Outside the Parker house, Mister Nacht who is observing these developments. He is contacted to his master, Judas Traveller and informs him of these recent developments and will give him full details when he returns. When Medea asks Judas if they are going into action, however, Judas wants more time to study Mister Nacht's report before he decides their next move. While at his apartment, Ben Reilly packs his few possessions. He is having second thoughts about leaving New York City. This reminds him of what a woman named Janie told him, about leaving the past dead. However, he reminds himself that Janie is dead. Looking at his old Spider-Man mask, Ben realizes that the past cannot be left behind. Elsewhere in the city, yet another Peter Parker tries to sleep on a park bench. He is confused and can't remember much about his past. He is woken up by a police officer who tells him he cannot sleep on the bench. When this other Peter Parker explains that he can't remember where his home is, he is accused of being drunk. When the officer tries to bring him in, his spider-sense goes off. Not understanding what's going on, this Parker skitters up the side of a building in order to get away. A week passes, and Aunt May seems to be on the mend, but Peter still worries about her health. He takes her to the top of the Empire State Building, her favorite place in all of Manhattan. May tells Peter that she and her husband used to go here all the time. After a moment of reflective silence, May asks Peter what it's like to web-sling across the city. Peter is shocked that May knows that he is Spider-Man. She explains that she has known for years and kept it secret, but she is very proud of him. Suddenly, May grows weak and Peter has to catch her. Peter rushes May back home and gets her to bed, but she refuses his offer to call her doctor. She tells Peter that it is her time to pass on and that she is grateful that she had this time to reconnect with him. As May begins to fade away, the Scarlet Spider watches from the window. Inside, Peter is joined by Mary Jane and her Aunt Anna. Peter tells May about the dream he had recently where he thought he was dying and May guided him into the light. When May finally passes away, Mary Jane and Anna comfort Peter. While on the roof, Ben Reilly cries by himself. Days later, a funeral is held for May and many of Peter and Mary Jane's friends are in attendance. Watching from the distance is Detective Jacob Raven, who has been very interested in Peter Parker. After May's body has been inturned to the ground and the mourners have left, Ben Reilly comes to pay his respects as well. The PArkers return home where a small wake is held in May's memory. After all the guest has left, Peter and Mary Jane are interrupted by a knock on the door. When they answer it, Peter is arrested by Detective Raven and his NYPD associate Detective Connor Trevane. Mary Jane is horrified that they would do this on the day they buried Peter's aunt, but the officers explain they had no choice and recommend she get her husband a lawyer. As Peter is loaded into a squad car, he sees the Scarlet Spider watching from the rooftops above.After the police take Peter away, Mary Jane begins to panic over what to do next. She is then interrupted by the Scarlet Spider. He introduces himself as Ben Reilly, and after he takes his mask off, he tells her that it is about time they meet face-to-face.... This story continues in Spider-Man #57This story continues in Web of Spider-Man #124...Mary Jane is confronted by a man claiming to be the real Peter Parker. He tells her that he has been locked up for five years and the man that she married is not the real Peter Parker, but a clone. Mary Jane tells this Peter Parker that she can't deal with this new mystery right now because someone is chasing her. Before she can tell Peter who it is, they are confronted by the stalker himself -- the assassin known as Kaine. Kaine warns her that this is neither her husband, or Ben Reilly, but an escapee from the Jackal's lab. Although Kaine says that this clone is the real threat, Mary Jane tells Peter to prove otherwise by protecting her. Peter vows that he will always be there to protect her. Although Peter leaps to attack Kaine, he easily overpowers him. However, this distraction is long enough for Mary Jane to escape. Recovering from the attack, Peter is still reeling from everything that has changed and tries to follow after them.Meanwhile, the real Peter Parker is sitting awake in his cell at Ryker's Island. He thinks about all of his recent tragedies, the most recent of which is being arrested for murder. He thinks about how he has been pushed to the brink and made it back and how he doesn't want to relive this again. His thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of the astral form of Chakra. She tells Peter that his wife is in mortal danger. Despite his questions, she disappears without telling him any more.Meanwhile, Mary Jane manages to call Ben Reilly at Seward Trainer's home. She tells him that she is in danger from Kaine and another Parker clone. Unfortunately for Ben, she hangs up before telling him where she is. This is because Mary Jane has decided that she is going to stop running and fight back. While back at Ryker's Island, Peter Parker refuses to sit back and do nothing while his wife is in danger. Using his spider-powers, he manages to silently break out of his cell and sneak out of the prison. Reaching the edge of the island, Peter is about to leap into the water and swim to shore when he is stopped by Judas Traveller, who warns him that doing so would be a mistake. Peter isn't sure why Traveller cares, pointing out how during their last encounter he was toying with people like chess pieces. Judas fails to explain himself, saying that he has come to offer him a better way. At this moment he has created an illusion to make it look as though Peter Parker is still sleeping in his cell. That's when Chakra appears and offers her aid. Peter accepts the offer and is teleported away. Judas Traveller is then joined by Scrier who finds this entire situation amusing. When Scrier thinks that Traveller's interest in Spider-Man and his clone are perhaps because they remind him of himself. Traveller responds by telling Scrier that he doesn't know him as well as he thinks and walks away. Meanwhile, Mary Jane has returned to her home where she has armed herself with a gun and is fully prepared to use it to protect herself. As she prepares to leave, she is stopped by someone wearing a Spider-Man costume. At first, she thinks it is her husband Peter, but when this Parker removes his mask and starts talking about the "impostor" who stole his life, she realizes that this the other Peter Parker that has been stalking her. Mary Jane orders him to stay back, but Peter continues to insist that he is the real Peter Parker. Even though his spider-sense is buzzing like crazy he continues to reach out for her. He is shocked when she actually shoots, but she missed hitting Parker, striking a photo framed on the wall instead. Still, this other Peter Parker still reaches out for her, but he is then knocked out by Kaine. He tells her to come with him in order to stay safe, but she refuses. When Mary Jane tries to shoot, Kain disarms her and the pain caused by twisting the weapon out of her hand causes Mary Jane to blackout. Hearing someone coming in through the skylight upstairs, Kaine then picks up Mary Jane and flees into the night.When Mary Jane wakes up, she finds herself in Kaine's underground lair. Kaine tells her to get comfortable, saying that she is going to be here for a very long time. Back at the Parker home, the Scarlet Spider finds the Peter Parker clone. Thinking this is the real Peter, he asks what happened to Mary Jane. That's when the real Peter Parker comes bursting into the house demanding to know the answer to the same question.... This story continues in Spider-Man #58.This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #125...Dressed as the Scarlet Spider, Peter Parker goes to visit Detective Jacob Raven, who has been staying at the Gotham Inn. He has come to talk to Raven about how Peter Parker is innocent for the murder of Raven's partner in Salt Lake City, five years earlier. That's when Raven turns and shows the Scarlet Spider the scar on his face. Raven reveals that after seeing this same mark on the face of his partner, Doctor Octopus and the Grim Hunter, he now knows that Kaine is responsible. Now that he knows that the wrong man is in prison, Raven vows to the Spider that he will not rest until he sees "Peter Parker" released from prison. Believing that Jacob means what he says, the Scarlet Spider thanks him and leaves. As he swings away, Peter wonders what Jacob Raven would think if he knew that Peter Parker switched places with his clone, Ben Reilly, so that he could be with his pregnant wife.As the Scarlet Spider swings through the city, he is unaware that he is being observed by Judas Traveller. He continues to observe the two Spider-Men as part of an experiment into the nature of good and evil. Landing on the roof of the Top of New York hotel, Judas Traveller watches as the Spider swings away. He is joined by Scrier, who wonders how he can admire the wall-crawler when his plans are terrible, pointing out that they will work to break Peter Parker beyond the point of saving. Traveler tells Scrier that he doesn't want his advice, reminding him that he is nothing more than his servant. Telling Scrier that what he does is for the greater good, he leaps off the building and transforms into a bird, flying off to continue his observations.By this time, Peter Parker returns home, waking up his wife. Mary Jane is upset that Peter went out without telling her, reminding him that he promised not to. Peter apologizes but tells her that he can't sit back and do nothing until he has found enough evidence to get Ben Reilly out of prison. He tells her that it is the least he can do after all the sacrifices that Ben has made for their family. This upsets Mary Jane, pointing out the sacrifices she made while Peter was hiding behind his mask recently. Then she mentions the recent attempts on her life by Kaine and yet another Spider-Clone. She tells him that while she is willing to endure a lot of her him, the situation is changed now that she is pregnant. She tells Peter that with a baby on the way, he needs to be there for her more so than ever before.Peter notices that Mary Jane is still upset and wants to know what else is bothering her. She shows him the test she had done on her baby by Seward Trainer. She is concerned about the condition of their baby, fearing what Peter's radioactive blood may have done to the baby. Catching herself just as she blames her husband's biology, Mary Jane apologizes and says she is just concerned. Peter is shocked, but understand and says that he will love their baby no matter what happens. That's when the room begins to fill with mist, causing Mary Jane to pass out. Peter is then confronted by Judas Traveller. Judas explains that he has not come to fight the wall-crawler, but that he has merely come to observe what happens next. Not buying this, Peter puts on the Scarlet Spider mask and attacks Judas Traveller. However, with his nearly limitless powers, Judas manages to overpower the faux Scarlet Spider. He then begins his test by holding out a globe that he claims to contain the soul of May Parker. He tells Peter that the globe has the power to restore Aunt May to life and good health. However, this comes at a cost, telling him that in exchange it could snuff out a number of lives. He skirts around the actual number, telling the web-slinger that it could be as many as 100 people, or it could be only one insignificant soul.However, the Scarlet Spider crushes the globe into bits, seemingly sending the soul of Aunt May back into the afterlife. He refuses to believe any of this has been happening, believing that this is merely a series of illusions. However, Judas says he is a being of great power, and decides to show him what the future has in store for him. Bringing him back to reality, he shows him a future where Manhattan is in ruins. He then tells Parker that it is his fault, and the cause of this disaster will prove that he is not quite the hero he always thought he was.... This story continues in Spider-Man #59.This story is continued from Web of Spider-Man #126...Kidnapped by Judas Traveller, Spider-Man finds himself before a mock court within Ravencroft Institute. As the staff watches helplessly in the stands, the jury is filled with the inmates. Comprising this kangaroo court is Judas Traveller as the judge, Carnage as the prosecution, as well as Ashley Kafka and John Jameson in the defense. Among those watching the trial are Edward Whelan, Shriek, the Chameleon, and Kaine. Traveller tells the wall-crawler that he is standing trial for his life, and asks him how he will plead. Spider-Man doesn't know what's going on and demands answers. All Judas will tell him that is if the web-slinger is be sentenced to death if he is found guilty of time. Judas then begins the trial, stating that when he previously came to Ravencroft Institute he learned that many of the inmates held a great deal of hatred toward the wall-crawler. Judas wishes to learn if these inmates only exist because there is a Spider-Man and if his death would put an end to their insanity as well. This speech gets cheers from the lunatics in the jury. Traveller explains that while Carnage has been assigned to the prosecution, Kaine has been selected to work in the wall-crawler's defense. Forcing his will upon Spider-Man, he then demands that wall-crawler to enter a plea to the court. Before Spider-Man can answer, Kaine leaps from the defense table and tries to attack Judas. He demands to know where Judas comes from judging a hero like Spider-Man. However, when he tries to give Traveller the Mark of Kaine, it doesn't work. Grabbing Kaine by the hand, Traveller demonstrates a show of power by growing in size and threatens to kill him. When Kaine expresses his desire to do whatever it takes to stop Judas Traveller for Spider-Man, reality snaps back to normal. Kaine is back behind the defense table as though he never tried to attack Judas to begin with. Traveller explains that his desire to fight for Spider-Man is the exact reason why he has chosen Kaine to be Spider-Man's defense attorney. When Judas warns Kaine against future outbursts, the assassin agrees to comply. When Traveller turns the floor over to Carnage, the symbiotic serial killer calls himself as his first witness.This is not the only trial going on this day, as today is the trial of Peter Parker, who has been accused of murder. However, Peter Parker is not on the stand, but his clone Ben Reilly. On the witness stand is Peter Parker's wife, Mary Jane Watson. She is being questioned by Blake Tower, the District Attorney of New York. He wants to know where her husband was at the time of the murders. Although she notes that he is a photojournalist, he was not on assignment at the time of the murder. Tower suggests that this killing was actually personal business and demands to know where her husband was at the time. Mary Jane knows what happened as, at the time, Peter was buried alive by Kraven the Hunter, but can't tell the court this. When she can't answer Tower's questions, she is dismissed from the witness stand. She returns to the gallery where she tells her Aunt Anna that she feels that she did more bad than good. Anna tells her not to worry, assuring her that the truth will come out.Back at Ravencroft, Kaine has another precognitive flash of Mary Jane being killed. However, this is ignored by the mock trial, as Carnage begins his testimony. Carnage accuses Spider-Man of his creation, saying to the court that it was the wall-crawler who brought the first symbiote to Earth. After his testimony, Carnage opens himself up for cross-examination from Kaine. Kaine points out that Kasady was a serial killer prior to becoming Carnage. When the lunatic denies this, Kaine lashes out with his Touch of Kaine. This hurts Carnage and the two come to blows until Judas Traveller has had enough with the disruption and uses his powers to stop them from fighting. Traveller warns them against such a disruption again and orders Carnage to call his next witness.Next, Carnage calls Malcolm McBride to the stands to testify against Spider-Man. Ashley Kafka is concerned about this because Malcolm has been in a fragile mental state since he was cured of the Carrion virus. However, despite these concerns, John Jameson points out that there is nothing they can do. Carnage berates Malcom, getting him to admit that it was his own jealousy that led to the creation of Carrion, and that his jealousy toward his classmate Peter Parker. With this, Carnage rips off Spider-Man's mask, revealing that he is Peter Parker. Carnage then goes through a litany of those who died because of Peter Parker. Lastly, he suggests that Peter's life as Spider-Man also caused the death of his Aunt May as well. At this last accusation, Peter Parker has had enough and loses his temper. Accusing Carnage of twisting his life into something that it isn't, Peter breaks free from his bonds. Spider-Man refuses to surrender, pointing out that this is yet another effort to break him down. He refuses to allow this mock trial to continue as he needs to get Kaine to the courthouse and prove Peter Parker's innocence. While Judas finds this a beautiful speech, he orders the jury to make a verdict. The jury finds him guilty and sentences him to death. As they rush at the wall-crawler, both Malcolm McBride and Edward Wheland and forced to transform into Carrion and Vermin and join the frenzied mob.Meanwhile, elsewhere in Manhattan, Detective Jacob Raven and Stunner continues their hunt for Kaine. Unable to find their quarry, Stunner begins to lose her temper, but Raven manages to calm her down because he knows exactly what she has lost. Although she calms her down, Stunner has to go and promises Jacob that she will be back and suddenly fades away. While back at Ravencroft, Spider-Man has been restrained again. After hearing the jury, Judas Traveller has no choice but to find the wall-crawler guilty and sentences him to death and invites the jury to carry out the execution. With Carnage leading them, the other inmates rush at Spider-Man intent on killing him. Kaine leaps in to aid Spider-Man, but despite his efforts, the pair is swarmed by the inmates. Suddenly, the attack ends, and Judas Traveller explains that he sent all the inmates back to their cells and that Kaine is still alive. Judas explains that after their experience through space-time, he has detected a sense of nobility in Spider-Man that surprised him. Seeing how Kaine was willing to sacrifice himself for the sake of Spider-Man, Judas had decided that Peter deserves further observation and teleports away without further explanation. Spider-Man then finds himself and Kaine back in Manhattan. There, as Kaine recovers, he is grabbed by Stunner who is determined to avenge the death of Doctor Octopus. Spider-Man pleads with her to spare Kaine's life, but it appears his words are falling on deaf ears. Meanwhile, back at Ravencroft, Carnage sits in his cell gloating over the fact that he knows Spider-Man's secret identity. That's when Judas Traveller appears in his cell and tells Kasady that what he has given he can take away and painfully erases the memory of Spider-Man's secret identity from Carnage's mind.... This story continues in Spider-Man #60.This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #127...The life of Peter Parker has been turned upside down by the Jackal's revelation that he is actually a clone. This makes Peter think that his entire life means nothing, not his marriage, or even the child Mary Jane now carries. His thoughts are interrupted by the Scarlet Spider, who has managed to track down Peter. Ben tries to empathize with Peter, telling him he knows exactly what it's like believing you are a clone without a life or a past. However, this attempt only serves to make Peter angry and he lashes out at Ben, telling him that he doesn't know what it's like to lose everything. Reilly doesn't fight back and continues to try and get Peter to listen to him. However, Parker is not willing to listen and tells Ben that they have nothing in common and walks away.Before Ben can follow after Peter, he is attacked by the Spidercide, who tells Reilly that this facility is for clones only. Overpowering the Scarlet Spider, Spidercide turns into water in an attempt to drown his foe. Watching this from above is Kaine, who is satisfied to leave the Scarlet Spider to die. He then finds the Jackal's rejuvenation tank and rips him out of it. Kaine is furious with how the Jackal dashed away all the hopes that Peter Parker has by telling him the alleged truth. However, the Jackal easily overpowers him and tells Kaine that they can keep on fighting or he can allow the Jackal to cure him of his degeneration. This prompts Kaine to stop fighting. The Jackal then tells him to help track down his "brothers". By this time, Spidercide has made his body mass solid in another attempt to smother the Scarlet Spider. Unfortunately for him, Ben Reilly manages to break free. Despite being shattered into pieces, Spidercide manages to pull himself back together and resume human form. Before the fight can continue, the Jackal and Kaine enter the room. The Jackal orders Spidercide to stop fighting and then calls for Spider-Man to come down from the shadows above. The Jackal explains that Spider-Man has joined him because he is convinced that he is a clone. As such, Peter's unique biology will allow him to complete his cloning experiments. He then turns to the Scarlet Spider and tells him that he is free to go and bares him no grudge. The Scarlet Spider, however, refuses to turn the other cheek and attacks the Jackal. He is furious for having his life taken away from him thanks to the machinations of Miles Warren. Surprisingly, the Scarlet Spider is stopped by Spider-Man, who tells Ben that he can go and reclaim his life. Ben tries to talk sense to Peter but he is knocked out by a single blow from Kaine. While this is going on, Spidercide slips away to try and make sense of his thoughts. That's when he runs into Scrier, and vaguely remembers meeting him before. Without a single word, Scrier places a finger on Spidercide's forehead, making him remember who he is.Meanwhile, the Scarlet Spider still struggles to break free from Spider-Man and Kaine's grasp. The Jackal then decides to let Ben go into the regeneration tanks, offering to make him a new man and they can all work together to create a new world. Aware that the Jackal wiped out the entire town of Springville, the Spider refuses to help, prompting the Jackal to slap him across the face. It's then that Spidercide rejoins them and offers to help. The Jackal refuses to kill Ben Reilly, and orders Spidercide to eliminate Kaine instead. Kain protests this, reminding the Jackal that he promised to cure him of his degeneration. However, his pathetic sobs do little to move his creator. Realizing that he should never have trusted the Jackal, Kaine walks out of the facility, vowing to return and kill his creator. By this point, the Scarlet Spider beigns to feel drowsy and blacks out. When he comes around, he finds himself being dragged to another room. When the Spider is tossed into the darkened room he is left to face an army of Spider-Man clones.... Maximum Clonage continues in Spider-Man #61.This story continues from Web of Spider-Man #128...Ben Reilly has decided to leave New York City, however this time around it proves more difficult than the last time. Now, however, he has learned that he is the real man and the person who has been calling himself Peter Parker for the past five years is really the clone, he finds it more difficult to leave. He is conflicted now, as he resented Peter Parker for the life he lived for five years. Although the life he wanted is not the same as Peter's, Ben at least wanted some kind of life and a place to call home. Ben has been speeding because he is upset and ends up skidding on the wet pavement and crashes his bike. Leaping to safety, Ben decides he needs to get away and clear his head. Up on the rooftops, Ben bellows out about how unfair this all is, as New York is his city, his home.Changing into the Scarlet Spider, Ben webslings through the city, trying to convince himself that he is doing it one last time before leaving the city. He subconciously swings toward the Bronestone owned by Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane. Seeing them sleeping peacefully, makes Ben come to the conclusion that this is Peter's city and his world. Reilly decides that for Peter to have a normal life with his wife and the coming baby he needs to leave.  After Ben web-slings away, Peter Parker wakes up from a nightmare. Unfortunately, he doesn't remember anything about it, but knows that he needs to remember something important. Still he is glad that he didn't wake up Mary Jane. Watching her sleep, he thinks to himself how much he loves her, and how he will never let anything hurt her.Meanwhile, the Scarlet Spider has called his friend Seward Trainer and gets permission to spend time in his cabin in Vermont. Alone in the cabin with a fire going, Ben realizes that this is just the thing he needed. He then begins to wonder where he is going with his life from here. Wherever he goes next, Ben thinks it will be something vastly different from where he was four years prior.....ThenBen Reilly walked into the town of Rachel, Vermon in the pouring rain. His thoughts matching the weather around him. Thinking himself to be a clone at the time, Ben Reilly was seeking out Seward Trainer, a noted scientist, hoping that he could use Trainer's resources to learn more about himself. Ben then arrived at the Milliway's Inn and tried to get a room for the night. Unfortunately, he is twelve dollars short of the cost, and in inn keeper refuses to give him a room. Before Ben can lose his temper, a man offers to spare the difference. When Reilly refuses the charity, the man assures Ben that he will be paid back because he seems like an honorable man. Although he didn't know it at the time, this was the first time that Ben met Seward Trainer. NowBen's thoughts are interrupted by the phone ringing. When he answers it, Seward is on the other end of the line. He tells Ben to get out of the cabin right away. With his spider-sense going off the scale, Ben leaps out of a nearby window just moments before the cabin explodes. Recovering from the blast, Ben realizes that this wasn't an attack on Spider-Man or the Scarlet Spider, but his friend Seward Trainer. Putting on his mask, Ben Reilly vows to track down whoever is responsible and make them pay. Returning to New York, the Scarlet Spider finds Seward Trainer's lab in ruins. Finding an old photo of himself and Seward, Ben vows to find his friend because he owes him so much.ThenIt was the following morning at the Milliway Inn, a feverish Ben Reilly comes downstairs and demands something to eat and drink. When the innkeeper tells him the kitchen is closed, Ben begins to lose his temper. Seeing this, Seward Trainer tries to calm Ben down. This interrupts Ben long enough that the fever gets the best of him and he passes out. When he came around moments later, Ben is told by Seward that he needs a friend. Finally accepting help, Ben took Seward's hand.NowContinuing his search of Seward's lab, his spider-sense draws him toward some strange spheres. Suddenly, the devices sprout mechanical arms and begin attacking him. Despite his spider-sense and enhanced speed and reflexes, the Scarlet Spider is restrained by the devices. The arms become electrified and is shocked into unconsciousness. His final thoughts are wondering where his friend Seward Trainer could be. Elsewhere, Seward is hudled in a darkened cell. The person who has put him in there observes him for a moment from the doorway. With one of their mechanical arms, his captor slams shut the door on his cell.... This story continues from Spider-Man #62.With the help of Seward Trainer, the Scarlet Spider uses virtual reality to search through cyberspace for clues to who stole data from his computer database. However, the search is cut short when anti-viral programs begin attacking him. Seward manages to guide the Spider out of cyberspace and pulls off the VR helmet before Ben's brain can get fried. Reilly returns the favor by pulls Seward to safety just as the computer system begins to overload and explode. Meanwhile, Spider-Man clings to the side of his home thinking about everything that has happened to him recently. The first being the recent discovery that he is not the original Peter Parker, but a clone. Worse, he also discovered that the Jackal implanted psychic time bombs in his mind. Thanks to these mental triggers, he almost killed his wife Mary Jane, but managed to fight them off before he committed the unspeakable. Although the danger is over, for now, he fears what other surprises that Miles Warren may have implanted in his brain. His thoughts are interrupted by his wife, Mary Jane who has come looking for him because she knows that he is worried. She has grown bored waiting for her brooding husband to come back on his own and tells Peter to come home so they can start living happily ever after with their new baby because they deserve it. Peter is convinced and web-slings away with his pregnant wife in arms.At that moment, the new female Doctor Octopus is summoned to her lab by Doctor Brucknerr who has an emergency. She is told about the breach of their computers. However, the intruder failed to recover the stolen data, Seward Trainer's research on breaching the barrier from virtual and normal reality. She intends to use this technology in much the same way that her beloved Otto Octavius created his mechanical arms. While back at Seward Trainer's lab, Seward and Ben go over the little bit of data they pulled from the invading computer. Unfortunately, all they have is a strange octopus-shaped logo. As they try to figure out what this means, they are interrupted by the Parkers who have come so Seward can scan Peter's mind and make sure there are no mental "time bombs" waiting in his mind. As one test starts, so does another, this time on the streets of New York. Minions of Doctor Octopus unleash her prototype Virtual Reality Bomb. Much to their delight, they make a section of the city briefly transform into a prehistoric jungle complete with hungry dinosaurs. The reality distortion ends as quickly as it begins. That evening, Peter and Mary Jane have a romantic dinner to celebrate Peter's clean bill of health. As the pair dance, Peter kisses his wife when suddenly Mary Jane feels the baby kick. Putting his hand on her belly, Peter also feels the baby kicking bringing. Overwhelmed with happiness, the couple both begins to cry and then embrace.At that moment, Seward Trainer continues to go over the data when he is interrupted by Doctor Octopus. She was able to gain access to his lab because she knows the pass code. That's when the Scarlet Spider leaps down to attack her. However, she is prepared for the hero, not just with her mechanical arms, but also with a personalized forcefield that she uses to deflect the heroes attack. Restraining Seward Trainer, she explains she is doing this because she hold scientific achievement above human life.  REcovering from her attack, the Scarlet Spider asks Seward who this woman is to her. That's when Doctor Octopus reveals that she is the daughter of Seward Trainer.... This story continues in Spider-Man #63.The Clone Saga continues from Sensational Spider-Man #0....J. Jonah Jameson is disappointed with the front page of the Daily Bugle. This edition asks the question "What Happened to Spider-Man?" because the photo that has been used doesn't grab the same sort of attention as the headline. In fact, Jonah thinks the photo is one of Peter Parker's old photos that the Bugle has in the archives. When Jonah asks if Joe has heard from Parker since he left town with his wife to prepare for their coming baby. Unfortunately, Joe hasn't heard a word from the Parkers since they left. Getting back on topic, Joe asks Jonah if he thinks that they are dealing with a new Spider-Man in the city. This is because after not being seen for a few weeks, the wall-crawler reappears with a new costume. Adding to the mystery are unconfirmed sightings of the wall-crawler in Portland. Jonah begins getting so upset that he pulls out a cigar from his desk drawer. He is about to light up when Joe Robertson reminds Jonah that he gave up smoking cigars. Looking out the window, Joe Robertson witnesses the Human Torch streaking by and realizes that their story has struck a chord with someone else.The Human Torch also wants to know the truth and as they have been allies for years, he wants to get to the bottom of the issue, particularly since the wall-crawler recently came to his aid. To this end, the Torch uses his flame powers to write a message to Spider-Man in the sky, asking the web-slinger to meet with him at the usual place, figuring that if this is truly the original Spider-Man, he will know where to meet him. At that moment, at the Daily Grind, Ben Reilly strikes up a conversation with Buzz, a regular patron about the entertainment section of the Daily Bugle. That's when his boss, Shirley Washington, jokingly tells Ben not to let Buzz distract him from the job. As Ben begins preparing the next drink order, he thinks about how he has been trying to make a life for himself as Ben Reilly. Even though he discovered that he has been the real Peter Parker and the man who has laid claim to that identity is now a clone. That's when another regular, the fashion-obsessed Desiree Winthrop enters the Daily Grind with her friends. The topic of their discussion is the Human Torch's message to Spider-Man that has appeared in the sky. When Ben goes to take her order, Desiree recognizes him even though Reilly has recently bleached his hair. As he takes their order, Ben can't help but think about what sort of relationship Peter Parker had with the Human Torch in the five years he operated as Spider-Man, and fondly recalls how they often worked together.Meanwhile, at the Symkarian Embassy, Silver Sable informs the Sandman that the recent crop of new recruits for the Wild Pack have just arrived. As they head for the gym, Sable sends Sandman to confront them, only telling him to go easy on them. Against the Sandman this group of soldiers lasts only fifteen seconds, however, the Sandman assures her that they will be able to last 20 seconds after a few weeks of training. That's when Sable shows Sandman the front page of the Daily Bugle. Although she figures this is just more of J. Jonah Jameson's bluster, she wants to investigate since it would be prudent to learn if Spider-Man has been replaced as he often worked as a freelancer for Silver Sable in the past. A few hours later, the Human Torch has decided that he has waited long enough and heads for the Statue of Liberty, in the hopes that Spider-Man arrives for his meeting. As he streaks across the Manhattan skyline, the Torch is unaware that he is being monitored by members of the Wild Pack. Elsewhere, someone is watching the meeting between Spider-Man and the Human Torch. Shockingly, the Torch tells Spider-Man that he has come to eliminate the wall-crawler and incinerates the masked hero in a flame blast. However, this is nothing more than a simulation created by Mysterio, the master illusionist. He was running a test of the new digital imagery transmission chip that he had recently stolen. He is impressed with its ability to create a simulation of any situation down to the minute detail and begins plotting his ultimate goal: the destruction of Spider-Man. Meanwhile, Ben Reilly pays a visit to his friend Seward Trainer. His body is still in a coma since his mind became trapped in cyberspace. He prays his friend will wake up, and promises he will be back to see him tomorrow. As he leaves the hospital, Ben laments over the current state of his life and tries to come up with some ideas on what to do next, ultimately deciding to go meet with the Human Torch. Soon, Ben goes down to the ferry terminal to catch a boat to the Statue of Liberty.Also, there are Silver Sable and the Sandman, who has correctly deduced that Spider-Man would need to take a ferry to Liberty Island and are keeping an eye out for him. Spotting the Sandman in the crowd, and unaware that the former criminal has reformed, slips away to change into Spider-Man. Once in costume, Spider-Man confronts the Sandman and Silver Sable. When he refers to Sable as a "blonde cutie", Sable orders Sandman to go all out to test and learn this is the real Spider-Man or another man. Sandman chastizes Spider-Man for disrespecting Silver Sable, pointing out that even Doctor Doom treats her with respect. Spider-Man recognizes Sable's name as he once saw her on a late night talk show. As the battle rages on, Jessica Caradine develops photos she recently took of the new Spider-Man in the dark room of Centennial University. Aminique, Jessica's classmate, is impressed with the quality of the photos. She suggests that they rival that of Peter Parker's photography of the wall-crawler and suggests that she could sell them to the Daily Bugle for a decent amount of money. Back at the ferry terminal, Spider-Man continues to evade the Sandman's attacks, suggesting that they stop fighting and talk. The Sandman is willing to do so after Silver Sable gives the word. Observing from a safe distance, Silver Sable wonders has determined that this is not the same Spider-Man she has worked with in the past. Although this one has the same powers, his moves are completely different and is more inexperienced and light-hearted than the wall-crawler she knows. By this point, Spider-Man attempts to web up the Sandman, only to discover that his web-shooters have been jammed with sand. While not far away, the Human Torch has waited long enough and concludes that there is a new Spider-Man operating in the city. As he flies back to Manhattan, he spots a disturbance happening at the ferry depot and decides to check it out. Arriving in time to see the Sandman gripping the wall-crawler, the Torch blasts the wall-crawler free and orders the mercenary to cease his attack. Before the fight can begin anew, Silver Sable fires her gun into the sky and announces that the test is over. Silver Sable has concluded that this is a new Spider-Man and offers him work if the wall-crawler is interested. Spider-Man thinks about how the situation is more complicated than that, as he thinks of himself as the original Spider-Man. Hearing this, the Human Torch is furious that someone else would take up Spider-Man's identity and demands answers from the wall-crawler. Spider-Man gets annoyed, telling the Torch that he doesn't need to explain himself. Frustrated over the situation, the Torch flies off warning Spider-Man that he is going to keep a close eye on him in the future. Silver Sable and Sandman also decide to depart. This entire encounter has left Spider-Man beside himself. Things have changed so much, now his old foe the Sandman considers him an ally and an old ally like the Torch now considers him an enemy, it feels like the whole world is upside down.... The Clone Saga continues in Spider-Man #64.Media Blizzard continues from Sensational Spider-Man #1...Tossed out of the Mystervision building, Spider-Man attempts to break his fall with his web-shooters only to discover that they are jammed. With no other choice, the wall-crawler triest o break his fall by ricochetting off the sides of building in on order to slow his momentum. Ultimately, he slams into the side of a building too hard and knocks himself out. Thankfully, he manages to cling to the wall to prevent himself from falling to his death. This is observed by a drone piloted by Mysterio from inside Mystervision. He is delighted to capture this all on film. Further, he has managed to affix receivers for his digital imagery transmission chip so he can make the wall-crawler see anything he can imagine. Not wanting to bore his audiences, Mysterio decides to cut to Ryker's Island....There, the criminal known as Armada is behind transferred from the NYPD to some Guardsmen from the Vault... Or so it seems. As soon the police officers leave Armada in the custody of the "Guardsmen" they turn out to be two of Armada's robots that disguised themselves with holograms. After getting his bonds removed, Armada puts on his costume and breaks free from the prison. As he flies toward Manhattan, Armada looks forward to tracking down and destroying Spider-Man. Back in the city, Shakim Panzos and his friend Jamie, members of the Blades street gang, are on the run from their rivals the Jagged Skulls. Outnumbered, the pair decides that the best course of action is to split up. High above, Spider-Man comes to and discovers that his gambit paid off, but he dislocated his shoulder as a result. That's when he overhears members of the Jagged Skulls cornering Shakim and leaps down to his aid. That's when Mysterio begins manipulating Spider-Man's vision, making the gang members look like monsters. Suspecting that these are constructs created my Mysterio, Spider-Man lays into them. From the control room at Mysteryvision, Mysterio gloats, knowing that this will keep television viewers glued to their screens and under his control. He then contacts Armada and informs him of the location of Spider-Man, but intends to ramp up the drama before allowing his minion to slay the web-slinger.By this point, Spider-Man has defeated the gang members, but Shakim is less than happy to have the wall-crawler coming to his rescue. Spider-Man isn't interested in dealing with the drama and points out that Shakim will be on his own when the members of the Jagged Skulls wake up. Realizing that Spider-Man has a point, Shakim decides to tag along with the wall-crawler. Soon after they are gone, the recovering gangsters are met with other members of the gang who are told that the Blades have back-up from Spider-Man. This is not well received, as their leader is unhappy to hear that the masked hero is interfering in their turf war. That's when they are joined by Armada who offers his assistance in destroying Spider-Man. Not far away, Spider-Man struggles through the heavy snow and blowing winds. He wishes that he had put some kind of insulation into his costume. To get his mind off his pain and discomfort, Spider-Man asks Shakim why he joined up with a street gang. The youth tells him that in his part of the city that you need to join up with a gang in order to survive. Learning that Panzos wanted to become a lawyer, the wall-crawler says the young man still has time to go back to school and get an education. Their conversation is interrupted when Shakim spots Mysterio's drones. Suddenly, they are ambushed by members of the Jagged Skulls. Caught completely off guard, Spider-Man wonders what is wrong with his spider-sense. Moreover, he is still seeing the gang members as monsters.Realizing that his perceptions are being manipulated, Spider-Man thinks that the drone might have something to do with it, and destroys it. However, this doesn't solve the problem. He is then ambushed by Armada. As Spider-Man fights against Armada's robots, Shakim watches from the relative safety of a nearby alley. He is joined by Jamie who points out that all the Jagged Skulls have been knocked out by Spider-Man and they can score a reputation by killing them all while they are down. By this point, Spider-Man is jolted by a laser from one of Armada's robots. Seeing the wall-crawler in trouble, Shakim tells Jamie that they should help him. Jamie isn't interested in helping Spider-Man so Shakim knocks him out and takes his gun and shoots at Armada. The bullets bounce harmlessly off Armada's armor. As he turns to gloat, this distraction is enough for Spider-Man to break free and ambush Armada. Overpowering his foe, Spider-Man then rips off Armada's chest plate, removing the power source of his armor. In the aftermath of the battle, Shakim points out that Spider-Man's eyepieces are cracked. This makes the wall-crawler figure out how Mysterio was making him see things and pulls off the special lenses that were put over his mask. This cuts off the feed in Mysterio's control room, causing the master illusionist to curse the wall-crawler. Still, he has more tricks up his sleeve that will bring about the end of the wall-crawler. Back outside, Shakim realizes that being in a gang is not the right move and decides to leave that life behind and follow his dreams to become a lawyer. When Spider-Man asks Shakim how he'll survive on his own, the youth tells the web-slinger that he will find a way. Spider-Man is certain he will, but decides to get him a helping hand. He webs up Jamie and when the gang member wakes up he tells the gang member to send a message to both the Jagged Skulls sand Burning Blades: That Shakim Panzos is off limits. Jamie agrees to send the message. With this task done, Spider-Man swings finally manage to unclog his web-shooters and swings off in order to deal with Mysterio once and for all. ... Media Blizzard concludes in Spider-Man #65.The Return of Kaine continues from Sensational Spider-Man #2...Ben Reilly examines the remains of a skeleton in a Spider-Man costume that was found in the smokestack that Spider-Man seemingly disposed of his clone five years ago. This greatly complicates what is going on in his life. For five years, Ben thought he was a clone of Peter Parker. It was later revealed that he was the original Peter Parker all along and that his clone had taken over his life. The discovery of a third body throws all past claims into question. He thinks about how the real clone, took over his life as Peter Parker, married his old girlfriend Mary Jane, and are expecting their first child. The only friend he had during this period of time was Seward Trainer, who is no help to him now as he has been in a coma since his mind was trapped in cyberspace. Putting the bones away and changing into Spider-Man, Ben also recounts the return of Kaine and his recent battle with the Rhino. He doesn't know why the two were fighting but intends to put them behind bars. Meanwhile, James Johnsmeyer has a conference call with other backers of the Great Game. The other backers are concerned about the involvement of Spider-Man and Kaine in the current wager They want to know if they should cancel the current wager or factor the new elements into the bet. James tells them not to be hasty and insists that they incorporate the two outsiders into their current game and begins asking for wagers. While at a warehouse on the Lower East Side, Kaine and Shannon Fitzpatrick -- the woman known as Muse -- have been laying low after Kaine's battle with the Rhino. She insists that Kaine use this opportunity to rest and heal, pointing out that Johnsmeyer is a man of many resources and won't like Kaine's lack of interest in participating in the game. When Kaine questions Shannon's trustworthiness, she reminds him that she put her own career into jeopardy in helping him out. Their discussion is interrupted when the Rhino comes bursting through the wall intent on eliminating Kaine. While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson with his senior staff. After seeing Spider-Man stealing the mysterious corpse in a Spider-Man costume, he has jumped to the conclusion that the original Spider-Man was murdered by this new comer. While Ken Ellis is eager to roll with this narrative, Urich isn't sure they should jump to a conclusion, pointing out that Spider-Man has changed his costume in the past. Joe Robertson cautions Jonah about going with this angle until Urich and Ellis learn the facts. Jameson points out that the Daily Bugle reports facts, not the truth and that truth is in the eye of the beholder. Elsewhere in the city, Spider-Man continues his search for Kaine and the Rhino and comes up with nothing. He decides to change his strategy by hitching a ride on a nearby news helicopter figuring they'll take him to the villains faster when they show themselves.Back on the Lower East Side, Kaine continues to battle with the Rhino, a battle that becomes more complicated when Joystick and Polestar joins the fray. Kaine quickly finds himself overwhelmed and begins losing the battle. That's when Muse tries to join the fight and use her powers to incapacitate the other members of the Great Game. Sadly, this fails when Joystike manages to ambush her. This distracts Kaine, allowing the Rhino to finally land a blow. That's when Spider-Man arrives on the scene to lend a hand, despite Kaine's insistence that he doesn't need help. While Spider-Man deals with Joystick and Polestar, Kaine tries to get to Muse only to be impeded by the Rhino. While at a hospital, a nurse checks on Seward Trainer who is still in a coma. He is visited by his daughter Carolyn. Unaware that Carolyn is also the new Doctor Octopus she decides to give Trainer some privacy with his daughter. Carolyn thanks the nurse, ominously telling her that she doesn't how much time her father has left. While back at the scene of the battle, the Rhino's confidence begins to waver when Kaine uses his rarely used wall-crawling ability to rip a large section of a building and uses it to club the Rhino into submission. Shannon has recovered by this point and tells him that he doesn't need to kill the Rhino as he has already won by scoring first blood in this game. Kaine is disgusted that they treat violence so frivolously, telling her that it is all he has known his entire life. Meanwhile, Spider-Man manages to stop Joystick by crushing the wrist bands that power her weapons. She congratulates the wall-crawler for finding this weakness as she flees, vowing he won't be lucky next time they meet. Before Spider-Man can go after her, he is ambushed by Polestar. However, Polestar is too busy complaining over how unfair the battle has become that Spider-Man is able to knock him out as well. However, once the members of the Great Game is down, he is angry that they prevented him from catching Kaine.Later, while Kaine is off looking for refuge, Shannon contacts James Johnsmeyer. Kaine's suspicions prove to be valid as she is working with Johnsmeyer to ensure large profits before Kaine is destroyed. While back on the Lower East Side, Spider-Man waits until the authorities arrive to collect Rhino the Polestar. With the two villains in police custody, Spider-Man resumes his search for Kaine. He is certain that he'll track his old enemy down, as he managed to tag Muse with a spider-tracer during the battle.... The Return of Kaine continues in Spider-Man #66.This story continues from Sensational Spider-Man #3...After examining the mysterious skeleton discovered in a Brooklyn Smokestack at Avengers Mansion, Spider-Man swings back into New York City with Peter Parker in tow. He thinks about how complicated his life has become, as after five years thinking he was as clone, Ben Reilly learned that he was the true Peter Parker. As they swing past a police officer, he orders Spider-Man to surrender, but they quickly get away. In the relative safety of the nearby alley, Peter decides that he wants Seward Trainer to examine the skeleton so they can try and solve the mysteries their lives have become. The wall-crawler wants to get the skeleton back to the police since they have been after him since he stole it from the morgue. However, Peter points out that a DNA test could trace the skeleton back to both of them anyway. Since the Daily Bugle offered Peter a big reward for photographic evidence proving that Spider-Man stole the skeleton, Ben suggests that Peter take photos now, pointing out that he needs the money with a baby on the way. Peter is hesitant but snaps the photos and walks the rest of the way to his hotel room. Ben can't help but feel sorry for Peter as his entire life has been turned upside down once again.Meanwhile, at a parking garage on the other side of town, a young couple argue over driving home when they are interrupted by the mystery man now wearing the Carnage symbiote. Since the couple has been arguing over drinking and driving, Carnage demonstrates that there are deadlier things than that by assaulting them in cold blood. The following morning, as news about the Carnage copycat spreads, Ben Reilly spends his break at the Daily Grind trying to get ahold of Jessica Carradine. He wants to talk to her after learning that her father was the burglar that murdered his Uncle Ben years ago. Unable to reach her by phone, Ben goes back to work and overhears Buzz -- a regular at the Daily Grind -- telling Shirley Washington his theories about the Carnage copycat. He is convinced that this isn't a copycat, but Cletus Kasady, since there is no evidence proving that Kasady is still in custody. This convinced Ben to investigate this later by paying Ravencroft a visit as Spider-Man.At the institute, Cletus Kasady is still locked in his cell and is under observation by John Jameson -- the head of security -- and two of his trusted men. Their investigation has shown that there is no way Kasady has been able to get out of his cell. Later that evening, John Jameson and his colleague, a guard named Dickerson leave for the night. When John offers Dickerson a ride, he gladly accepts it. By this time, Spider-Man arrives on the scene and his spider-sense warns him of danger coming from the car carrying John and Dickerson and decides to follow it. Spider-Man follows them back into the city and when John drops Dickerson off, the wall-crawler decides to follow him. Witnessing Dickerson entering a building, Spider-Man decides to peek in through a window and see what is inside. There he is shocked to discover an underground bar where the patrons are all dressed up as super-villains. As it turns out, Dickerson uses his position as at Ravencroft to steal the possessions belonging to the inmates in order to sell to patrons at the bar. After Dickerson finishes his transactions he leaves the bar. The wall-crawler is about to follow him when suddenly Carnage comes crashing into the bar. As the two fight it out, Spider-Man notices that whoever this is, they are taller and bulkier than Cletus Kasady. Regardless, the symbiote he is wearing is the genuine article. Realizing that the web-slinger won't leave him alone, Carnage damages one of the support pillars of the bar causing the roof to collapse. By the time Spider-Man pulls himself free, the new Carnage has fled. Hearing people still trapped inside the collapsed building, the wall-crawler comes to their aid. One of the people inside is Detective Connor Trevane who explains that he was working undercover to bust Dickerson for selling super-villain memorabilia. Even though the wall-crawler is wanted for questioning, Connor owes the wall-crawler for saving his life now and that of his son some time back, and a short time earlier and lets him go so he can capture Carnage. Later that evening, Trevane and his officers arrest Dickerson. While Ben Reilly reports for work at the Daily Grind, where he learns of the news. He wishes he could concern himself with such affairs, but has more pressing concerns on his mind.Meanwhile, Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane head to the hospital where Seward Trainer is recovering. When Mary Jane asks why they are going to him, Peter explains that it was Seward's equipment that identified himself as a clone of the real Peter Parker and Ben as the original. However, the discovery of this skeleton has raised even more questions. As the Parkers enter the hospital, their movements are observed by a mysterious figure who calls up to Seward Trainer's hospital room and gives him very strict orders. When the Parkers get to the front reception, they are told that Seward won't be seeing any visitors for the rest of the day, which strikes them as strange as Trainer seemed fine when they called him earlier. While at the Daily Bugle, Jessica Carradine meets with Joe Robertson to sell her photos of Spider-Man to the newspaper. However, Joe finds them too pedestrian for the Bugle. J. Jonah Jameson enters the office after overhearing the wall-crawler's name. Jonah is still impressed with Jessica's photographic ability and tells her that he'd be interested in any photos that prove his opinion that the web-slinger is a public menace. As she blames Spider-Man for the death of her father, Jessica looks forward to the opportunity of doing so.Meanwhile, at Ravencroft, Cletus Kasady begins washing his hands at midnight, as he has done every night since the copycat has been running amok in the city. John Jameson isn't interested in watching this again and decides to leave for the night, trusting the security of the institute to his skilled staff. Outside, Spider-Man watches as John enters his car and drives away. His spider-sense is buzzing like crazy convincing him that Jameson has something to do with this new Carnage. Sure enough, when John spots the wallcrawler, he changes into Carnage and rips free of his vehicle. When he attempts to harm innocent people in the streets the wall-crawler ambushed him from above. As the two battle it out, Jessica Carradine passes by wondering how she is going to get sensational photos of Spider-Man. That's when she spots the battle between the wall-crawler and Carnage. As they fight, John tries explains to Spider-Man that the symbiote is just using him as a temporary host until it can find one that is much stronger. As the web-slinger knocks John out, the symbiote leaps off Jameson and begins bonding with Spider-Man. Try as he might, Spider-Man tries to fight the symbiote off, but it is no use and it eventually merges with him becoming a horrific creature called Spider-Carnage!... Web of Carnage continues in Spider-Man #67.This story continues from Sensational Spider-Man #4...J. Jonah Jameson has called together his staff to celebrate the front page photo that allegedly proves that Spider-Man stole a skeleton from the morgue. Jameson has issued a $100,000 reward for anyone who can return the skeleton as Jonah intends to prove that it is the dead body of the original Spider-Man and that the current one is the killer. That's when Joe Robertson enters the room and tells Jonah that he got off the phone with the police commissioner. The commissioner is upset by Jonah's reward, feeling that it will hamper his investigation by drawing out every crackpot in the city. Jonah admits that he hopes the police find the skeleton first because then he wouldn't have to pay out the reward. Meanwhile, Spider-Man swings across the city, his mind worried with thoughts about Jessica Carradine. Jessica was the daughter of the burglar who shot his Uncle Ben years ago, and she has bore a grudge against Spider-Man ever since his arrest and subsequent death. To make matter worse, Jessica had recently snapped a photo of Spider-Man with his mask up, compromising Ben's double identity. Returning his mind to the job at task, he recalls how his relationship with Peter Parker has been strained after Seward Trainer refused to meet with Peter to examine the Spider-Skeleton. When he arrives at Trainer's lab, he sees no sign of his old friend. The entire place is being packed up and moved, prompting Spider-Man to tag one of the crates with a spider-tracer in the hopes of tracking it to Seward's new home later. He still tries to find Seward and finds no trace and decides to head back home.There, Ben begins changing out of his costume and try to keep his mind of Jessica while he gets ready for his shift at the Daily Grind. That's when he notices that it is very cold in his apartment. Going downstairs he asks his landlord, Tilde, why there is no heat in his apartment. She angrilly tells him that she doesn't provide heat to deadbeats who don't pay their rent. Ben is confused by this until Tilde tells him that his rent cheque bounced. He doesn't know why and tells her that he will straighten everything out soon and rushes out the door. While at the hotel room Peter Parker and his wife Mary Jane have been staying, Peter is amazed by how much money Jonah paid him for photos of Spider-Man with the skeleton. Not only that, but Jameson paid for their hotel stay and their tickets to fly back to Portland. Mary Jane suggests that they head home on an earlier flight. However, Peter wants to stay and find Seward Trainer in roder to learn the identity of the Spider-Skeleton and find out once and for all who he really is. Mary Jane, however, doesn't care about anything other than the fact that Peter is her husband and the man she loves. She also reminds him that he can't play super-hero anymore now that he lost his powers and reminds him of his new responsibilities of being a father to their unborn child.While at the Multivex corporation, the mystery man known as Gaunt has forced Seward Trainer into his employ. He demands that Trainer work to restore his broken body back to its former glory, something that Trainer figures he can accomplish. Going to the bank to find out what went wrong, Ben learns that the IRS has flagged his account and he won't have access to his money until they are satisfied with the results of their investigation. Reilly decides to swallow his pride and as his boss, Shirley Washington at the Daily Grind, for an advance on his pay. However, when he arrives at the coffee shop his spider-sense warns him about the two men who are talking to Shirley when he comes walking in. Going into the staff area in back to change into his work uniform, he notices that he has Jessica's shoulder bag in his locker. When he walks out of the back room, Ben asks what the two men wanted. Shirley and her son Devon explain that they were police officers who came to warn them that Ben has had violent altercations with past employers. He assures them that this is a big misunderstanding and begs them to believe him. At that same moment, Peter and Mary Jane have just finished some shopping. During their time out, Mary Jane has convinced Peter that they need to go back to their normal lives in Portland. However, the couple is unaware that they are being observed from the shadows by a cyborg who works for an organization calling itself Cell-12.Back at the Daily Grind, Jessica Carradine arrives to collect her bag. In the backroom, she admits that they have a lot to talk about, but here is not the right place and time and promises to call him later. Simultaneously, Peter reiterates his commitment to moving forward when he and Mary Jane are wrapped up in an energy whip and pulled into a nearby alley. They find themselves confronted by the cyborgs calling themselves Cell-12: As massive and deformed Nardi, the snake like Andros, energy whip weilding Lasher, and their leader the cannon armed Bramer. Although they have come for Peter Parker, they refuse to let Mary Jane go since she will likely try and call the police. While Lasher detains Mary Jane, the rest of the group beat on Peter, who is defenseless without his spider-powers. They have come to deliver a warning from their employer who is not happy with Peter's attempts to contact Seward Trainer and investigate the Multivex Corporation. By this time, Spider-Man is out web-slinging, and comes to the rescue of a couple and their child who are being mugged in an alley. As he swings away the young boy calls the wall-crawler a hero, a sentiment that Ben Reilly doesn't agree with. When he returns to his apartment, he is shocked to discover that his apartment has been cleared out. Whoever was responsible left a message scrawled on the floor that reads "We know who you are!!", filling the wall-crawler with paranoia as he tries to figure out who is responsible. Back in the alley, Nardi holds tightly to Peter Parker while Andros beats him senselessly. Mary Jane begs them to stop, but they don't until Bramer is satisfied that Parker has gotten the message from their employer. The group then drop Parker to the ground and leave in silence as Mary Jane runs to the aid of her unconscious husband. While back at his apartment, Spider-Man is upset that he has been left with nothing but his costume and the clothes on his back. That's when he realizes that if his attackers know who he really is, his friends at the Daily Grind could be in trouble. He quickly web-slings back to the coffee shop only to see that it is in flames.... Blood Brothers continues in Spider-Man #68.Blood Brothers continues from Sensational Spider-Man #5Seeking to learn the connection between Seward Trainer and the Multivex Corporation, Spider-Man, Peter Parker, and the Molten Man have entered the facility only to be attacked by robots created by the mystery man known as Gaunt. As it turns out they have interrupted Seward Trainer's attempts to restore Gaunt to normal health, a job that he was forced into doing. As the Molten Man keeps the robots at bay, Spider-Man pulls Peter to safety as he no longer has his spider-powers. Trainer warns Gaunt that if he doesn't stop Molten Man his attempts to restore Gaunt to normal will be in jeopardy. Gaunt leaps down to battle the Molten Man. As they battle, the Molten Man discovers that Gaunt knows his real name, prompting demands to know the connection with Multivex and the Osborn Industries. Gaunt refuses to explain the connection, only telling Raxton that it would horrify him and his step-sister Liz Osborn.Meanwhile, Liz Osborn is entertaining Mary Jane Watson, the wife of Peter Parker. Liz apologizes for how she treated Peter earlier, fearing that the Daily Bugle might be trying to smear Osborn Industries again. She explains that there has been talk about a connection between Oscorp and Multivex, an organization that has been involved in some unethical practices. Given the criminal pasts of her late husband and father-in-law, she sent her step-brother the Molten Man to investigate. Unaware that her husband and Ben Reilly are already working with Molten Man, Mary Jane wonders how she can pass along this information without causing Liz any more distress. She assures Liz that everything will be okay. As she says so, Normie Osborn ominously pops the head off of a Spider-Man action figure.Back at the scene of the battle, Spider-Man has finally gotten Peter to safety. When Parker insists on following after Seward Trainer, Spider-Man slams him against a wall. He reminds Peter that he no longer has his powers and that he needs to stay safe for his wife and unborn child. At this same moment, Gaunt revels in the opportunity to unleash his full strength, knocking out the Molten Man in the process. As Spider-Man continues his search for Seward Trainer, he is surprised that the man he once considered a close friend has been harboring secret of his own. When he finds Seward and demands answers, Trainer tries to explain that he is being forced into helping Gaunt. Suddenly, the wall-crawler's spider-sense goes off and he shoves Seward out of the away just as Gaunt tosses the Molten Man at them. This causes the web-slinger to take the full brunt of the impact. This leaves Spider-Man disorientated and open for attack by Gaunt. As Gaunt beats on the wall-crawler, Spider-Man thinks he recognizes his attacker. Gaunt admits that he knows the wall-crawler, but doubts he will be recognized in his current form. Not far away, Peter Parker wanders the facility, hurt that Ben would order him to stay on the sidelines, although he doesn't disagree. That's when security tries to reach him over the intercom. They order Parker to stand down, revealing that they caught his wife on the property and have her prisoner. Mary Jane came to warn her husband about what she learned from Liz Osborn, and regrets coming here. While fearing for the safety of his wife and unborn child, Peter agrees to surrender.Not far away, Spider-Man continues to lash into Gaunt, wondering which one of his past foes it could be. He has grown tired of his enemies coming back from the dead to haunt him. Running through the list of his recently deceased foes, he even wonders if Gaunt could be Harry Osborn. That's when Seward Trainer tells Gaunt that his Rebirth Procedure is complete and he can enter the chamber at any moment. That's when Gaunt sprays Spider-Man in the face with gas. As the wall-crawler struggles with consciousness, Gaunt merely introduces himself by his current moniker. He then says that he and his employer -- another old acquaintance of the wall-crawler -- wish to remain their true identities a secret for the time being. With Spider-Man, Molten Man, and the Parkers as his prisoner, Gaunt allows them to witness as he enters the Rebirth Chamber and restores his body back to full health. Mary Jane insists that Peter do something, and in response Parker starts attacking Spider-Man, calling him a failure. However, this is all a ruse to distract the guards long enough for the wall-crawler to break free from his bonds. Freed from his bond, Spider-Man then frees the Molten Man and the ensuing clash with the guards appear to damage that regeneration chamber causing it to reach critical mass. With the entire facility about to explode, the Molten Man and Spider-Man get Peter and Mary Jane to safety. The wall-crawler begs Seward Trainer to get to safety, but he insists on staying behind to try and contain the explosion until the others can get to safety. When the Parkers are brought to safety, Spider-Man tries to go back in and rescue Seward. However, before he can get inside the building explodes, leaving the wall-crawler to believe that Trainer died in the blast. In the aftermath of the battle, the Parkers offer their condolences to the web-slinger over the loss of his friend. Thinking back to the battle, Spider-Man wonders if the explosion was caused by his battle or if Seward tried to sabotage the process that could have cured Gaunt. However, Seward and Gaunt both survived and the next day the Daily Bugle reports that the explosion at Multivex was due to industrial sabotage. When Gaunt suggests that Seward had something to do with the blast, he denies it. That's when Gaunt's employer, his identity obscured by shadows, expresses his anger with both Seward and Gaunt. Their activities have almost exposed his long-term plans that he has been cultivating for years. Satisfied by manipulating both Peter Parker and Spider-Man from the shadows, this mystery man cannot allow the destruction of Multivex to go unpunished and vows to destroy his two greatest enemies.... The Clone Saga continues in Spider-Man Unlimited #12.Spider-Man wakes up to discover himself in an impossible situation: He's trapped in a giant glass jar being carried by a young child. As the boy tosses the jar onto his toy covered bed, the wall-crawler scrambles to try and figure out what's going on. Has he been shrunk down in size? Or is this an illusion like when Mysterio once pulled a similar stunt? He isn't sure who is responsible since Mysterio was recently arrested. As he tries to make sense of this situation, he adds it to the list of complications his life has experienced lately. Meanwhile, at the Daily Grind, Shirley Washington wonders what is keeping Ben Reilly, as he is running late for his first shift since the Grind re-opened. Buzz, one of the regulars, figures that Ben is likely stuck in the subway. That's when Shirley's ex-husband Garon Lewis comes to see how her business is doing. She is unhappy that he has shown up and tells Garon that her life is none of his business. He tells her that it is when they affect the life of their son Devon. That's when Devon enters the shop and is delighted to see his father has come by for a visit. While back in the boy's room, Spider-Man breaks free from the glass jar he has been imprisoned in. Leaping onto the floor, his tries to figure out a way to contact the Fantastic Four or the Avengers to get him out of this mess when suddenly the toys come to life and start attacking him. While at the Daily Bugle, Peter Parker has accepted a staff job working at the Daily Bugle now that he has decided to stay in New York City. Jonah isn't passing up the opportunity to put Peter to work again and pairs him up with Ben Urich and his nephew Phil. Suddenly, Peter is struck with a headache and dismisses it as getting sick and hopes he doesn't pass it along to Mary Jane.While back in the child's room, Spider-Man continues to fight for his life. His hunch about Mysterio being involved turns out to be correct, as the master illusionist is observing the battle from a secret control room. He is joined by Armada, who is not happy that Mysterio has employed his robots to bring these giant toys to life as he did not agree to put his creations in harm's way. Mysterio asks Armada to be patient, remembering how much work they put into converting a warehouse to look like a massive child's bedroom so shortly after Armada's robots broke them out of their jail cell. A plan that came to fruition when Armada's robots were able to ambush the wall-crawler and gas him before he could recognize what they were. However, can barely bring himself to sit back and watch as Spider-Man destroys his robots. With the web-spinner gaining the upper hand in battle, Mysterio decides to ramp things up by activating all the robots all at once. Still, despite the overwhelming odds, Spider-Man continues smashing the robots, further upsetting Armada. That's when the wall-crawler smashes open a robotic toy that resembles the Juggernaut causing one of Armada's robots to tumble out. Spotting the drone-like automatic, Spider-Man instantly recognizes it. Having had enough, Armada smashes out of the control room in order to battle Spider-Man directly. Spider-Man manages to take advantage of this, leaping onto Armada and using his jet boots to redirect them up into the control booth. That's when Mysterio fills the room with mist. This doesn't phase Spider-Man who begins using his spider-sense to navigate the thick mist. He then makes contact with what he thinks is Mysterio, but it turns out to be a robotic decoy. By this point, Armada is starting to throw a fit over being manipulated by Mysterio. No longer a threat, Mysterio's sidekick is easily webbed up for the authorities and the wall-crawler departs. Meanwhile, at Aunt May's old house in Queens, Peter Parker begins unpacking dishes as he thinks about how quickly they returned to New York from Portland. Suddenly, he is struck by another powerful headache causing him to drop a dish on the ground. When Mary Jane comes to see what's wrong, Peter brushes it off as being clumsy. However, he realizes to himself that there is something seriously wrong with him and he needs to find out what it is.The assassin-for-hire known as Delilah poses as a singer, putting on a song for mobster Don Vito Torrancio for his birthday. Circling behind the mobster, she stabs him through the neck with her microphone, killing him instantly. When the other members of his mob try to put her down, Delilah easily slaughters them. She meets with her employer who is waiting for her in the back of a limo outside. He congratulates her for a job well done by handing her a rose and a picture of her next target, Garon Lewis. Meanwhile, Ben Reilly is in the hospital visiting Peter Parker who is clinging to life. While outside, Mary Jane asks Doctor Curt Connors about her husband's chances. He tells her that she owes it to her unborn child to keep calm, but tells her that he has not found a means of slowing Peter's downward spiral. After Connors leaves, Ben asks Mary Jane if she thinks its a good idea to divulge the fact that Peter is actually a clone. She doesn't think this would be a good idea since nobody knows how to cure clone degeneration if that is what is affecting her husband. As Ben Reilly leaves, Joe Robertson arrives to ask if there has been any change in Peter's condition. He also mentions that J. Jonah Jameson was supposed to stop by earlier, only to learn that the Daily Bugle publisher has not been in to see Peter. Upon the roof of the hospital, Ben changes into Spider-Man, thinking how J. Jonah Jameson is likely trying to find some way to go cheap on Peter's insurance benefits. His thoughts about Peter's plight is quickly interrupted when he notices police arriving on the scene of a robbery. Going in to investigate, he overhears the officers remarking that the robbery looks like the work of the Ringer. Spider-Man adds the Ringer to his mental list of foes that Peter Parker battled as Spider-Man while Ben was in exile that have resurfaced recently. When Ben arrives at the Daily Grind he tries to help Shirley with a spill but she snaps at him. This catches Reilly off guard, but Buzz tells him that Shirley has been under a lot of pressure since her ex-husband has been poking his nose into her life again. That's when Desiree Winthrop and her friends come in for some coffee. He then asks her if she has seen Jessica Carradine, as he has been trying to get ahold of her but she had recently had her phone disconnected. Unfortunately, Desiree doesn't know what happened to her, as she dropped out of her classes and disappeared. Ben is disappointed as this is yet another troubled person he failed to help. That's when Shirley apologizes to Ben, explaining that she is upset that her ex-husband is trying to play a more active role in the life of her son, Devon. This is something she doesn't want, as she is certain that Garon is involved in illegal activities. Offering to help, Ben asks Shirley where Garon is going to be meeting with Devon.A few hours later, Spider-Man arrives in Central Park in order to observe Garon and find out what sort of shady dealings he's involved with. Shirley is not the only one suspicious of the sudden reappearance of Garon Lewis, as Devon confronts his father about his motivations. Despite Devon's assertions that his father has reappeared in their lives to upset his mother, he insists that he only came to see if she needs financial help after she has gone into debt rebuilding her coffee shop. Suddenly, a woman pushing a baby carriage shoves it toward Garon and Devon. His spider-sense buzzing, Spider-Man leaps down and intercepts the buggy. Seeing that there is a bomb hidden inside, the wall-crawler shoves the carriage aside. Although he saves the Lewis' from the blast, the web-spinner is stunned by the blast. While Spider-Man recovers from the blast, Garon chases his would-be assassin into the sewers. After Devon tells Spider-Man what happened, the web-head follows after them. Meanwhile, at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson finds J. Jonah Jameson's office locked. Getting no response to his calls, Joe kicks the door open and finds that someone turned the office upside down. Down in the sewers, Garon Lewis looks for his attacker when he is joined by Spider-Man. He tells the wall-crawler to beat it when they are suddenly confronted by Delilah. She manages to ambush the pair, but Spider-Man manages to pull Garon to safety. However, Devon has come looking for his father and is taken hostage by Delilah. She uses the boy as a bargaining chip to secure her escape. Garon agrees but demands to know who ordered this hit on him, Delilah states that she was hired by Hammerhead. Delilah then tosses Devon aside, prompting Spider-Man to come to the boy's rescue. With Delilah making a clean getaway, the web-slinger furious that Garon allowed Delilah to escape and demands to know why Hammerhead is gunning for him. That's when Lewis reveals that he is not a criminal, but a detective in the NYPD's organized crime task force. After shaming the wall-crawler for thinking he was a criminal, Garon realizes that his life is too dangerous to allow him to reconnect with his son and tells his son he'll see him around. Later as Devon returns home, he is met by Ben Reilly who offers to be a friend to the young boy. Meanwhile, Delilah meets with her employer to report the success of her mission. This employer turns out to be the Rose, who is happy to hear that she tricked both Detective Lewis and Spider-Man that she was employed by Hammerhead. The Rose gloats over this victory as it will complicate his rival's attempt to take over the criminal underworld paving the way for his own bid for leadership.The Onslaught Crisis continues from Generation X #19...Taking a cab out of Manhattan with his wife Mary Jane, Peter Parker thought his life was complicated enough already, little knowing how much worse it can get. The 59th Street Bridge has just been blocked by a Sentinel robot. It tells all the motorists that the island of Manhattan is under martial law under orders of a being called Onslaught and that all mutants and enhanced humans are ordered to surrender immediately. Detecting Peter's spider-powers, the Sentinel attempts to eliminate him. However, Parker grabs his wife and leap out of the Sentinel's sensor range. From their safe vantage point, they spot a young child in the path of a panic mob that is at risk of being trampled. Quick thinking, Peter leaps down and saves the girl. After getting the girl back to her parents, Peter decides to take his wife and get to safety.Meanwhile, at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson updates J. Jonah Jameson of what is going on the outside. When Jonah asks where the Fantastic Four are during this crisis, Robertson informs him that a group of heroes are having a summit atop the Four Freedoms Plaza. That's when the Bugle building begins to shake. Looking out the window the staff discovers a Sentinel attacking the outside of the building. As it cuts the power off to the building, Jonah realizes that the mutant-hunting robots are attempting to shut the newspaper down. While uptown at the Daily Grind, Ben Reilly ushers his co-workers and patrons down into the basement before looters attack the coffee shop. Abandoned by her friends, Ben convinces Desiree Winthrop to hide in the basement with Shirley Washington and the others. Ben refuses Shirley's suggestion that he gets undercover as well, telling her that someone needs to protect the store and he has elected himself to do it. After locking up the shop from the outside, Ben leaps up onto the rooftops and changes into Spider-Man, putting aside all of his personal issues aside to focus on defending the city. Down in the basement of the Daily Grind, Devon Lewis asks his mother if Ben will be okay. She has faith that he will be, recalling how this is very similar to a time she participated in emergency drills and how she assured herself no matter what the crisis guardians angels would look over her and ensure that she stayed safe. At that same moment, Peter is leaping across the rooftops with his wife in his arms. He keeps Mary Jane calm about talking about the future of their unborn daughter, trying to keep his mind off the fact that his powers could fade at any moment. That's when his spider-sense goes off warning him of a Sentinel that has just locked onto his genetic signature. Putting Mary Jane down, Peter then tries to lure the Sentinel away. However, that's when the robot picks up the genetic anomalies in the unborn baby growing inside Mary Jane. However, it ignores her in order to deal with Peter. Just then, Peter's powers shut off, and he just barely manages to grab onto the side oa building. No longer detecting Peter's enhanced abilities, the Sentinel leaves to look for other superhumans who may pose as a threat against its master. While at the Daily Bugle, the backup generators have kicked in. Jonah then calls all the staff together for a meeting. He tells them that they can go home to be with their families, but he intends to stay behind and make sure the Daily Bugle is still printing and invites anyone who wants to help to stay. That's when one of the other staffers notices that someone is fighting the Sentinel standing outside the building. At first Jonah thinks it's Spider-Man, but is surprised to discover that it is the new Green Goblin. He tells those who are staying to get to work because they have a newspaper to get out.Uptown, Spider-Man stops looters from attacking the various shops until he is detected by a Sentinel that begins to attack him. While back at the Daily Bugle, the remaining staff begins learning what they can about the mysterious being known as Onslaught. After checking on their respective families, both Jonah and Joe are proud to see how inspired the remaining staff are to report on this story. That's when Peter Parker and Mary Jane arrive to lend a hand. With Mary Jane safe, Peter tells them that he is going back out in the city to get photos for the Daily Bugle, and secretly see what he can do to help people even though his powers have not fully returned. Meanwhile, Spider-Man continues his battle with the Sentinel that has attacked him. The wall-crawler blinds the mutant-hunting robot with his impact webbing. After slicing the Sentinel's head open with a manhole cover, Spider-Man rips it apart. Although this took a lot out of him, Spider-Man is determined to take down any Sentinels that threaten the people of New York City.... This story continues in Spider-Man #72. The Onslaught Crisis continues in Wolverine (Vol. 2) #105.This story follows the aftermath of Onslaught Marvel Universe #1...New York City is cleaning up after the final battle between Earth's mightiest heroes and the psychic entity known as Onslaught, a battle that cost the city of its greatest heroes. As the cleanup effort press on, a gang of crooks attempts to take advantage of the situation by robbing a delivery truck. This attempt is interrupted by Spider-Man, one of the few heroes that survived the Onslaught crisis. Surprisingly, the men in charge with loading the truck also begin opening fire on the wall-crawler. In the ensuing struggle, one of the crates fall down and shatters, revealing that it is a shipping of illegal firearms. As the wall-crawler wraps up both sides of the conflict the police arrive on the scene. The web-slinger is surprised once again when the first officer on the scene thanks him for his help and his told his contributions are needed after so many other heroes have recently died. As Spider-Man swings away, the severity of the situation finally strikes home leaving the web-slinger to wonder if New Yorkers will ever recover from this tragic loss.Meanwhile, at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson and Joe Robertson have a private meeting to discuss the Daily Bugle's financial troubles. Although he hates to do it, Jonah realizes that he has no choice but to start cutting jobs in order to keep the newspaper in business. While at his mansion, the Rose has learned about Spider-Man's interference in his gun-running operation. His bodyguard, Delilah, offers to recover them from police custody, however, he is engaging in more subtle means to bail out his men and recover the confiscated property. That's when they are interrupted by the sudden appearance of Scrier who tells the Rose that they are about to become business partners. By this time, Spider-Man is on his way home, but before he can sneak into his apartment his spider-sense begins to go off. Peaking in his window, he spots mobster Jimmy-6 lazing on the couch, making the wall-crawler regret allowing Jimmy to hide out at his place. As he leaps away, Ben Reilly realizes that this is much more complicated than when he and Peter Parker were trying to learn which one of them was really a clone. At that moment, Peter Parker arrives at the Daily Bugle, still excited about the news that he and Mary Jane are going to have a daughter. He notices that everyone is upset about something. That's when Glory Grant tells Peter that the Daily Bugle is downsizing and people are being laid off. Just then, Jacob Conover storms out of Joe Robertson's office, furious over being laid off he vows to make the Bugle regret terminating him. Just as Peter wonders how things can get any worse, Joe Robertson invites Parker into his office to talk. Meanwhile, Scrier returns to his hideout where he meets with Gaunt. He believes that the Rose is Richard Fisk, the son of Wilson Fisk the former Kingpin of Crime. Although he doesn't know why Fisk has returned to his Rose identity, Gaunt reminds Scrier that the Rose's identity is unimportant as they are only using him as a patsy. Back at the Daily Bugle, Peter learns that he is being laid off. However, Joe explains it's not as bad as it sounds as he wills till be able to work freelance and Jonah managed to arrange a generous severance package for Peter including a year of health insurance to help with the cost of Mary Jane's pregnancy. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is still on patrol when he comes across two children named Aleshia and Kadrill. The two children arguing over who is responsible for the death of Earth's heroes. Kadrill blames it on all mutants since Onslaught was a mutant. He takes the two children web-slinging in order to offer them a different perspective, telling them that they shouldn't spend their time trying to find blame for the death of Earth's heroes but to remember their heroism and the sacrifices they made to save the world. Back at Gaunt's hideout, Scrier muses how the ongoing struggle between the Fortunado family and other crime organizations bust please their mutual employer. Gaunt points out that their boss is involved in more personal matters at the moment. As they continue to talk about their plans, they are unaware that they are being observed by the woman known as Chakra. At that moment, Peter Parker is walking home wondering how he can break the bad news to his wife, Mary Jane. However, when he returns home he discovers that Glory Grant called and beat him to the punch. Mary Jane tells Peter that they will find a way to manage. Mary Jane then reveals that she has decided on a name for their daughter, calling her May, after Peter's recently deceased Aunt. Hearing this makes Peter remember one of his Aunt May's speeches about Parkers having the gumption and it brings him to tears. Peter is convinced that no matter what life throws at them, he and Mary Jane will face it together.By this point, Chakra has returned to her allies in the Host and reports to Judas Traveller about Scrier's alliance with Gaunt. Traveller suspected this duplicity and figures there are dark days ahead for both himself and Spider-Man. Meanwhile, Spider-Man returns Aleshia and Kadril to a nearby playground, having made his point to them. When Aleshia asks the wall-crawler how he keeps going, he thinks about his friend the Human Torch, and says that he does his best one day at a time, saying that his friends never leave him as long as he keeps them in his heart.In a strange realm, Judas Traveller drifts in the void shackled in chains. Suddenly, he begins to melt. He calls out to Spider-Man, warning him that they have both been betrayed and manipulated.This vision causes Peter Parker to jolt up out of bed, alerting his wife Mary Jane. She assures him that he was just having a bad dream, and he apologizes for waking her up. Mary Jane says she was already awake because of their unborn daughter -- May -- has been moving around and figures the child is eager to be born. As he settles back to sleep, Peter's mind can't help but turn back to thoughts to Judas Traveller. Elsewhere, Chakra -- a member of Traveller's Host -- is currently being hunted by her teammates Boone and Medea who are attempting to kill her for betraying the team. However, Chakra did nothing of the sort, as she discovered the team has been secretly working against their leader, Traveller. Fighting back against her attackers, Chakra manages to escape. Boone and Medea are then approached by Mister Nacht, who tells them that their employer will not be happy with their failure to capture Chakra. The following morning, Peter Paker pays a visit to Ben Reilly as he works at the Daily Grind to talk about his dream. The two talk about the mysteries surrounding Judas, and question why someone with so much power behind him would need a team of followers. Changing the subject, Peter tells Ben that Mary Jane's Aunt Anna has moved in with them at Aunt May's old house to help with the baby. He then tells Reilly that Anna has been named May's godmother and he wants Ben to be his unborn daughter's godfather. This request is an honor to Ben, who gladly accepts. That's when Peter gets an alert to contact Joe Robertson at the Daily Bugle and excuses himself to call him. When he gets ahold of Joe Robertson, he is informed that John Jameson contacted him and is looking for Spider-Man. Meanwhile, at a warehouse, Gaunt and Scrier meet with Mister Nacht and are brought up to date on the Host's efforts to capture Chakra and Traveller. Gaunt is unhappy that they have evaded capture so far and remind them that their employer will be very unhappy if they fail to prevent the pair from interfering with his plans for Spider-Man. That's when Scrier assures Gaunt that Judas Traveller will not be able to interfere with their plans as he has been locked in a suspension chamber that now sits in the bottom of an inground swimming pool. By this time, Spider-Man is swinging across the city with Peter Parker in his arms. Peter thinks back to how much he enjoyed web-slinging before he discovered he was a clone and retired as Spider-Man. They soon arrive at Ravencroft Institute where they meet with John Jameson. As it turns out, John has been hiding Chakra since she escaped from the Host. She tells them that Judas Traveller is in danger and needs their help. When Spider-Man points out that Judas has been able to flatten armies in the past, Chakra informs them that the powers of Traveller are not what they seem. Peter offers his and Spider-Man's aid, although the wall-crawler agrees to help, he refuses to allow Peter to tag along, reminding him that he an expecting father.When Peter is dropped off in Queens, he is hurt that Ben would ditch him like that, even though he knows that Reilly is right to not include him in the hunt for Traveller. When he arrives home he is delighted to see that Mary Jane's Aunt Anna has arrived. Her arrival puts Peter in a better mood. Meanwhile, Spider-Man and Chakra arrive at a nearby gym where Judas Traveller is being held. It's here that Chakra reveals that Judas does not have cosmic level powers as was previously believed. In fact, he is merely a mutant who uses telepathy to cast illusions of greater power into the minds of others. The only truth that Traveller told the wall-crawler in the past was that he was a psychologist interested in studying the nature of good and evil. When Spider-Man asks if Scrier was one of his patients, Chakra tries to explain that it is much more complicated. Before she can provide the details about Scrier they are ambushed by Boone and Medea. As the pair fight for their lives, Scrier meets with the Rose and his bodyguard Delilah to further discuss his proposal for an alliance. The Rose has been digging into the organization Scrier is involved in and what he has learned was quite shocking. However, the Rose doesn't like the secrets that Scrier has been keeping. Particularly that Scrier led him to believe he was an individual when he was actually one Scrier among an entire criminal organization made up of men and women who also call themselves Scrier. As the Rose reveals what he knows about the Brotherhood of the Scrier, and that they worship a mystical being of the same name, Spider-Man and Chakra find themselves surrounded by an army of Scriers.Outnumbered and overwhelmed, Spider-Man and Chakra are about to be overpowered by the Scriers when Peter Parker -- wearing a Spider-Man mask and gloves -- comes leaping into the rescue. That's when Chakra discovers that Judas is being contained in the gym's inground pool. As Peter Parker leaps into the water and attempts to free Judas, the Scrier meeting with the Rose admits that he is impressed that the mobster was able to learn so much about his organization. However, he points out that very few people have learned the secrets about the Brotherhood and lived to tell about it. That's when Scrier reveals that he knows who the Rose is, saying that he is Richard Fisk, the son of the former Kingpin of New York. That's when the Rose reveals that he is not Richard Fisk and assures Scrier that he will never know his true identity. By this point, Peter has managed to free Judas Traveller. Regaining consciousness, he lashes out at the Scriers, using his mental powers to make them appear to be thrown into the astral plane. Needing to get away, Chakra turns into her spirit form and begins to carry Judas away. Traveller's final words to the Spider-Men is one more warning that a madman has been behind everything and is plotting against him. He then teleports away before he can elaborate any further. As the pair try to make sense of this warning, they are unaware that Mister Nacht has been watching from the shadows and taking notes the entire time.Back at the warehouse, both Nacht and Scrier return to report back to Gaunt. When Scrier informs him that the Rose declined to form an alliance. Reminding Scrier that their employer has zero tolerance for failure and snaps his neck.Revelations continues from Sensational Spider-Man #11...Mary Jane is being wheeled into the emergency room after she started undergoing painful labor while at the Daily Grind. With her is her Aunt Anna, who tries to comfort the pregnant woman who is afraid that something is happening to her unborn child. They are joined by Doctor Folsome, who tells Mary Jane that his regular doctor cannot be reached and he will be looking after her from this moment on. Also at the hospital is Daily Bugle photographer Angela Yin, who recognizes the Parker woman, as she snaps a photo of the scene Angela wonders why her husband Peter isn't here with her. She isn't the only one who is wondering where Peter Parker as, as Mary Jane is being wheeled into an operating room, she wonders why Peter won't call her back on her cell phone. At that very moment, Peter Parker and Spider-Man are fighting for their lives at the ruins of Midtown High as they are attacked by Gaunt and an army of robots fashioned to look like children. Peter is all too aware that Anna has been trying to get ahold of him, but can't pull himself away from the battle. As he gets another message, Spider-Man hears it and tells Peter to leave and go be with his wife and baby. However, Gaunt is intent on killing the wall-crawler and Peter doesn't think Ben will survive if he leaves and insists on staying. By this time, Angela Yin has called Joe Robertson at the Daily Bugle to tell him about Mary Jane's condition at the hospital. After hearing this, he relays the news to Glory Grant, and feels awful for Peter after everything that has happened to him recently. Back at Midtown, Spider-Man and Peter Parker continue to fight against Gaunt and his robot army. While Ben destroys two of Gaunt's plastoid robots, Peter takes down the robots that have been fashioned to look like children. While at the hospital, Doctor Folsome and his team of doctors help Mary Jane through a very complicated and painful delivery. As she strains to give birth to her daughter, Mary Jane is unaware that a mysterious figure is watching from the operating theater above. Satisfied that everything is going exactly as planned, the mystery man then leaves to carry out the next phase of his plan. At Midtown, Peter manages to come across a telephone that still works and calls Anna to check in on Mary Jane. As he fights off the rest of the robots, he tells Anna that he has been stuck in a subway car. Learning that Mary Jane is having a difficult delivery and the doctors are concerned, Peter assures her that he will get there as soon as possible, saying that nothing will keep him from getting to his wife. Meanwhile, at the 28th Precinct, Detective Connor Trevan interrupts his colleagues, Francis Tork and Lou Sneider, to introduce them to Arthur Stacy, the brother of the late George Stacy. Arthur tells the officers that he has called a meeting with them because the man who murdered his brother has not been brought to justice and wishe to speak to them all because of their occasional association with Spider-Man.At that same moment, Spider-Man continues to dodge Gaunt's attack. Having just learned that he is Mendel Stromm, the wall-crawler asks how he managed to survive his brush with death and who his mysterious employer is. Gaunt ignores these questions and manages to wing the web-slinger. With Spider-Man at his mercy, Gaunt decides to tell him something about the wall-crawler's old friend Seward Trainer. Before he can finish off the web-head, Peter Parker leaps in and saves his life. Gaunt then tries to blast the two Spider-Men with knock out gas, but is surprised when it doesn't work. While back at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson asks Joe Robertson what he knows about a surprise board meeting that has been called as well as an impromptu Halloween party organized for the staff. Joe doesn't know what the meeting is about but reminds Jonah that the staff could use a morale boost after the recent round of layoffs. He also suggests to Jonah that there won't be a disaster if the paper shuts down for a few hours so the staff can have some fun. As he says this, he is unaware that the men setting up decorations in the bullpen is also putting out jack-o-lanterns that are rigged with explosives.Back at the scene of the battle, Spider-Man continues launching attacks at Gaunt, demanding to know what he knows about Seward Trainer. Gaunt explains that Trainer was just another pawn that was used to manipulate Reilly and that once his usefulness was over he was killed. Hearing how his best friend was murdered, Spider-Man loses his temper and begins ripping apart Gaunt's cybernetic armor. However, he stops short of killing Gaunt, reminding himself that he isn't a heartless killer like the Punisher. With the battle over, Spider-Man tells Peter to get going so he can be there when his daughter is born. Having destroyed the last of Gaunt's robots, Parker doesn't argue and bounds away. With Stromm disarmed, Spider-Man then begins demanding answers when he is suddenly blasted by someone standing behind him. Spider-Man instantly recognizes who this man is and can't believe it as he believed them to be dead. When the web-slinger tries to attack this man he is also blasted aside. With Spider-Man down, the mystery employer reminds Gaunt what happens when his minions fail him and blast Gaunt as well.At the hospital, Mary Jane gives the final push to give birth to her baby. When she doesn't hear the baby crying, Mary Jane asks what is wrong with her baby. That's when Doctor Folsome begins making his apologies, making Mary Jane realize that he baby didn't survive. As she cries one of the nurses, who turns out to be a woman by the name of Alison Mongrain removes her surgical mask and wheels a car out of the operating room. She later drives her car out to the waterfront where she meets with her mystery employer. Confirming that she has brought the package she was hired to bring, the man pays her a sizable amount of money and puts her on a private boat that is to take her to Europe with a generous bonus to cover her travel expenses.... Revelations concludes in Spider-Man #75 and Spider-Man: Revelations #1.From his secret hideout, a man known as the Black Tarantula is briefed on the state of the New York City underworld. His assistant, Chesbro, informs the Tarantula that since the fall of the Kingpin, New York City's crime families have been at war for supremacy. The major players on the scene include Don Fortunato, who has managed to consolidate the underworld in recent times. However, Fortunato still faces opposition from the Rose and Hammerhead. Chesboro concludes his report by informing his master that the recent loss of most of New York's costumed defenders, the city is quite vulnerable. Hearing all of this convinces the Black Tarantula that the time is right to spread his operations into New York City.In New York City, Peter Parker is on assignment with Ben Urich. When Urich goes to talk to an informant, he tells Peter to make himself scarce. Instead, Parker changes into Spider-Man and keeps an eye on the reporter from the shadows. There he overhears the stoolie telling Ben about the Rose working on a deal to smuggle emeralds into New York for the Black Tarantula. Ben doesn't know who the Tarantula is, and is told that he is a major player on the international black market. With the meeting over, Spider-Man slips away to change back into his civilian identity. On the way, he spots some men waiting to ambush Ben and stops them. After a quick battle, Spider-Man leaves the crooks webbed up and meets up with Ben as Peter Parker. Ben tells him what he has learned about the Black Tarantula and wants to go back to the Daily Bugle to make some calls to his connections at Interpol. At the Bugle, Peter tries to hit up Joe Robertson for some photo assignments because the paper is focused on the recent assassination of Presidential candidate Graydon Creed. However, Joe tells Peter to check in tomorrow as he may need a photographer to take pictures of an alleged street prophet that has been hanging around Washington Square Park.Meanwhile, the Rose is exercising with his bodyguard Delilah and discussing the recent deal he brokered with the Black Tarantula. Delilah has detected that the Rose is reluctant to do business with this new player. This is because the Rose has learned, from his contacts in South America, that the Black Tarantula is not someone to be trusted. In addition, the man has a cult that worships him like a god. After his past experience with the Scrier, the Rose is reluctant to get involved with someone with a religious movement backing them. At that moment, in Queens, Mary Jane and her Aunt Anna are repainting the room that she and Peter were planning to use for their baby. Mary Jane is surprised to find herself able to enter the room so soon after the death of the baby. It's then that Anna tells her niece that she is taking adult education classes. It's then that Anna asks Mary Jane if she has given much thought about her future. Anna Watson is not the only one thinking about their future. Peter Parker is walking home, wondering what he is doing with his life. Not long ago he was working as a scientist in Portland, and now he finds himself living in his family home in Queens and working the same job he has had since high school.Inside, Peter is greeted by Mary Jane and after learning that Aunt Anna is in the shower, that there are some issues with the three of them living together in Peter's old childhood home. However, they are stuck in this situation until Peter and Mary Jane can find an apartment in the city. That's when Mary Jane tells Peter that she is thinking about going back to school, taking inspiration from Aunt Anna. Peter likes the idea and the pair decides to take the opportunity to for some romance. Later that night, Peter tells Mary Jane to get a listing of the science courses when she goes to Empire State University as he has decided to consider going back to school and finally get his Masters Degree. Later that evening, Peter goes out on Spider-Man to look into the Rose's emerald smuggling operation. Spider-Man is not the only one out looking for answers, as Ben Urich hits up his informants for more information about the Black Tarantula. Eventually, Spider-Man learns where they deal is going down and calls Ben Urich. After being warned about how dangerous the Black Tarantula is, Urich tells Peter to let the cops handle it. Parker ignores this, prompting Urich to rush to the scene in order to make sure Peter doesn't hurt himself. Overhearing this conversation is Angela Yin, who finds it an odd coincidence that she overheard a call from Peter Parker just as she was looking through her photos of the night that Mary Jane lost her baby. When she happens upon the picture of Doctor Folsome, the man who helped deliver Mary Jane's baby, it somehow disturbs her.Meanwhile, Spider-Man swings to the Stockbridge Shipping Pier happy that he can get some money making crime photos and make it home to spend more time with his wife. Spider-Man arrives on the scene at the same time as Ben Urich. After setting up his camera, the wall-crawler then begins to examine the situation and sees that Delilah, the Rose's bodyguard, is overseeing the transaction. They are greeted by El Uno, one of the Black Tarantula's men. El Uno is unhappy when Delilah refuses to pay for the emeralds until they can authenticate them. That's when El Uno orders his men to kill them all. This prompts Spider-Man to swing in and try to prevent as many deaths as possible. As the web-slinger deals with the gunmen, Delilah battles El Uno and quickly discovers that he is stronger than she is. Taking the bag that supposedly contains the money to pay for the emeralds, El Uno discovers that it actually holds a bomb that has been activated.That's when Spider-Man swings in to try and stop the bomb. During the struggle, Spider-Man assumes he is battling the Black Tarantula because El Uno has a spider shapped tattoo on the back of his head. The web-spinner is unimpressed and strikes El Uno, but the blow hardly even phases the man. Recovering from her beating, Delilah arms the bomb while Spider-Man is busy. That's when Ben Urich makes his presence known and tells Spider-Man that Peter Parker is somewhere nearby. Assuring Ben that Parker is safe, Spider-Man swings himself and the reporter to safety, leaving El Uno to deal with the bomb. As the bomb goes off, Spider-Man realizes that he left his camera in the area and fears that it was caught in the blast. Examining the rubble, Ben asks Spider-Man if he thinks the Black Tarantula managed to escape. However, after isn't entirely convinced that he actually fought the Black Tarantula.The wall-crawler's hunch is correct as in South America, Chesboro reports to his master. Upon hearing that El Uno failed, the Tarantula angrilly crushes a wine glass in his bare hand.At Westside Medical Center, Ben Urich tries to convince Detective Lewis to open up about El Uno, one of the Black Tarantula's minions who has been under guard at the hospital after surviving a bomb blast. Lewis refuses to talk about the situation because it is tied up with other law enforcement agencies. However, the situation is taken out of their hands when El Uno takes this moment as his opportunity to escape police custody. Hearing him crashing out of the window in his hospital room, the police are powerless to stop El Uno from getting away. Although the police scramble to find him, they fail to recapture El Uno.Meanwhile, Peter Parker is out holiday shopping and spots a pair of boots that his wife, Mary Jane would love, unfortunately, they are very expensive. This gets him thinking about how tight money is as Peter isn't making much selling photos to the Daily Bugle and that he and Mary Jane returning to school at Empire State University is making money tight. When he sees a happy family together, it reminds Peter of all the painful struggles they have endured, Mary Jane deserves those boots. That's when Peter gets a notification from the Daily Bugle, telling him that he has a photo assignment. On the way to the Bugle, Peter hopes that it is a good paying gig as he could use the extra money. At that moment, the Rose is decorating his hideout for the holidays. His bodyguard, Delilah, questions how he can be festive when they have made an enemy of the Black Tarantula. She is particularly upset that El Uno was able to beat her during their last battle. That's when the Rose informs her that El Uno managed to escape police custody and that she will have an opportunity for a rematch.By this time, Peter Parker has arrived at Washington Square Park to get photos of a street prophet that has been gaining notoriety. Peter can't wait to get this assignment over with because it will earn him enough money to buy the boots he wants to get Mary Jane. this prophet turns out to be Nate Grey, the so-called X-Man, who has been giving people advice or using his telepathic powers to help those in serious need. As Peter Parker arrives, his spider-sense begins to go off as Nate detects him among the crowd. The two stare at each other quietly, leaving Peter to wonder what to do next. Eventually, Nate approaches him and reveals that he knows that Parker is a super-hero and suggests that they skip the unspoken custom that heroes need to fight first and just start talking. While in Argentina, the Black Tarantula catches Chesbro, his assistant, setting up a Christmas tree. He is furious that his assistant would set up such a childish thing and demands it be taken down. He is still angry that El Uno has been captured. However, Chesbro tells his master that El Uno escaped capture and has yet to contact them. The Black Tarantula warns Chesbro that he better be right.Back in New York City, Peter and Nate are unable to shake the crowd of loyal followers. Nate decides to use his telepathic powers to cloud the crowd's mind so that he can telekinetically lift himself and Peter onto a nearby rooftop. Peter takes issue with this as he doesn't believe that Nate is using his powers with any sort of responsibility. Grey doesn't like the fact that Parker is dictating how he should be using his powers, especially when he keeps his own secrets. To illustrate this point, Nate uses his telekinetic powers to rip apart Peter's street clothes, revealing his Spider-Man costume underneath. The two agree to stick to the truth before discussing anything further. While on the Westside, Delilah watches as police arrest a man found on the street in his underwear. While the officers don't believe his story about being robbed, Delilah knows that she is getting close to tracking down El Uno, unaware that the strong man is stalking her from behind. By this time, Peter Parker has just finished telling the X-Man about how he became Spider-Man. Explaining how his Uncle Ben was murdered because he didn't act taught him a great deal about responsibility. Hearing this, Nate realizes that he and Peter have more in common than first glance. Taking Peter by the hand, Nate has Parker see visions from his past. He sees the world that Nate grew up in, an alternate reality where the mutant Apocalypse took over North America and turned it into a charnel house. The X-Man then takes Peter to a specific memory, and revealing how he was manipulated by the mad geneticist known as Sinister and it lead to the death of his mentor, a man named Forge. Since Peter has a few errands to run, he invites Nate to join him as he web-slings across the city as Spider-Man. Along the way, Nate keeps on picking up thoughts from Peter's mind, particularly Parker's most recent tragedy and tries to offer advice.As Spider-Man and X-Man go to take pictures of the damage caused by El Uno escape from police custody, the man in question finally ambushes Delilah. As the pair fight it out, Peter sells his photos to the Daily Bugle, gets the money he needs to buy Mary Jane her boots, and then convinces Nate to come back to Queens with him for Christmas dinner. Nate accepts and is warmly welcomed by both Mary Jane and her Aunt Anna. As the Parker bid farewell to Nate for the evening, Delilah defeats El Uno by tossing him into a fuel truck. Although El Uno is seriously burned and in a great deal of pain from the explosion, Delilah promises him that he will not fee it for very long. In Queens, Peter makes a comment about how this evening was almost perfect as he sees Nate out. Grey picks up a stray thought and later that evening he uses he telepathic powers to make Peter have a dream about his Aunt May. In the dream, Aunt May tells Peter not to blame himself for not being there when Mary Jane gave birth. After he assures him that it was not his fault, Aunt May tells Peter that her namesake is also at peace and that they will be reunited someday. Before Peter drifts into a dreamless sleep, he thanks his Aunt May, unaware that this was all the work of Nate Grey.While in South America, Chesbro reports to his master with a present that was just delivered to them by the Rose. When they open up the package they discover El Uno's severed head in the box.Peter Parker is sent to the South Street Seaport to take photos of the street fair that is happening there. Not long after his arrival, he bumps into his co-worker Angela Yin. She assures Peter that the Bugle hasn't sent two photographers and that she had come to the street fair to meet up with her cousin, who has come to visit from Korea. That's when Angela spots her cousin, Meiko, approaching her. She is carrying what looks to be a sword, and Angela figures that it is a gift to her from one of their relatives. Suddenly, a group of ninja warriors ambushes Meiko, led by a man named Karsano. As she wonders why these men are attacking her cousin, Angela notices that Peter Parker has vanished from sight. Grabbing a massive wooden hammer on display, Spider-Man joins the fight and is surprised to see that Meiko is able to hold her own. As they fight the ninjas, Maiko tells the wall-crawler to protect the innocent people caught in the middle of the battle, confident that she can handle her attackers on her own. As the battle continues, none are aware of an elderly woman watching the fight with great interest. When Spider-Man gets the bystanders to safety the street begins to fill with black smoke. The web-head tries to stop Mieko from leaping into the smoke, but when he follows her through she, and the ninjas, have mysteriously vanished. A short time later, at her apartment, Angela Yin demands answers from Meiko, as she understands enough Korean to understand that Karsano knows who her cousin is. Meiko explains that Karsano was once her fiancee. When they were young and in love, the pair were devoted to the martial arts. However, Karsano was too impatient with his progress and decided to join the True Believers, an offshoot of the Hand ninjas. Their leader, Madam Qwa, offered him the power of the Dragonfly. However, in order to achieve this power, he was ordered to forsake his love for Meiko and kill her. There were conditions though, he could only make three attempts on her life and he has already tried and failed twice. That's when Meiko thinks she sees someone in the window and rushed to it with sword drawn. When she looks out the window she sees nobody there, narrowly missing Spider-Man who had been listening in by the window.Spider-Man has heard about the Hand from his allies Daredevil and Wolverine and thinks about enlisting their aid when he suddenly spots a group of True Believers standing on the rooftop across the street. Although he has to meet with his wife, Mary Jane, at Empire State University for lunch, the wall-crawler lunges into battle. The sound of battle draws out Meiko, who orders Spider-Man to butt out of her business. While Spider-Man deals with the other ninjas, Meiko battles Karsano as Madam Qwa watches from across the street. Although Karsano manages to knock Meiko to the ground, his sword is broken by Spider-Man. After being humiliated by the wall-crawler, Karsano attempts to use smoke to cover his exit, but Spider-Man webs up the smoke bomb. Considering himself a failure, Karsano deems himself unworthy of the Dragonfly title and triggers a chemical reaction in his body that causes his body to dissipate into nothing, committing ritualistic suicide. This disgusts Spider-Man, but Meiko believes that Karsano's death had ended his torment. When the wall-crawler asks her if this is over, Meiko believes that her quest has only begun.Later, at Madam Qwa's lair, Meiko comes to apologize to the elderly woman for Spider-Man's interference. As it turns out, Meiko had already earned the title of Dragonfly. Madam Qwa assures Meiko that Spider-Man's inteference was not her fault and promises her that she will get a chance at revenge. Madam Qwa explains that they have been hired by an employer who has a grudge to settle against the wall-crawler and asks her to be patient.Max Dillon is being strapped into an electric chair. As this is being done, he thinks how this was stunt they used to do during his time with the Steuben Carnival. Now, however, he is wracked with fear over what will happen next. Fearing that this might mean his death, Dillon's life flashes before his eyes. He thinks about his childhood in Endicott, New York. He and his mother lived under the abusive rule of Max's father, an accountant more focused on his career than his family. Ultimately, Jonathan Dillon grew tired of his wife and child and how they were dragging him down and walked out. His mother was left to raise Max alone and she soon became domineering and overprotective. As he sits in the electric chair, Max Dillon can forgive his mother for how she raised him, knowing full well that there are worse crimes to be accused of.Meanwhile, at the Staten Island estate of Don Fortunato, Detective Garon Lewis informs the Don about the True Believers, an army of ninjas that have been attacking the Rose's business interests. Between this, and the Black Tarantula trying to get into the New York City underworld, the detective has decided to come to the mobster to find out what he knows. However, the Don insists that he is only a humble businessman and Lewis eventually gets fed up and leaves. Fortunato delines an offer for his bodyguard to kill the officer, as killing innocent people, policemen, and reporters only bring more unwanted attention. Instead, he tells his bodyguard to put in a call to the Rose. At that moment, Max Dillon continues to have his life flash before his eyes. He remembers during his final years in high school when he wanted to go to college and learn to be an electrical engineer. When he told his mother of his career aspirations, she insists that Max wasn't smart enough for the job and that it was too dangerous. Dumping his course catalogs out of the window of their apartment window, Antia Dillon even went so far as to suggests that Max become an accountant just like his father. He didn't blame his mother for wanting to keep him home, he was all she had. While at Empire State University, Peter Parker struggles to keep notes during Professor Howard's class. The main reason is that he has been stricken with migraines ever since he was bitten by Morbius the Living Vampire. Professor Howard has seen that Peter has been struggling and pulls him aside. He explains that he got Peter a tutor to help him with his courses. Much to Peter's discomfort, this tutor turns out to be Paul Stacy. Peter has been uncomfortable with interacting with the Stacy family since the death of Gwen, years earlier. He also feels he needs to be careful around Paul as his father appears to be determined to have Spider-Man arrested for Gwen's death. As Paul leaves Peter, he runs into another student and yells at him for getting in his way. When Peter helps the other student up, he recognizes him as Phil Urich. Phil explains that he was recently let go from his job as an intern at the Daily Bugle and so started taking journalism courses at Empire State University. While elsewhere, Meiko Yin, the True Believer's operative known as Dragonfly, finishes a training session. She then asks her master, Madame Qwa, when they will go after their intended target. Qwa tells Meiko that those in the service of the Black Tarantula must be patient to do his bidding.Electro's life continues to flash before his eyes. He thinks about how, after all the years of being by his mother's side, it was Anita Dillon who left him when she died on Max's twenty-fifth birthday. Finally free, Max was able to begin his own life and fell in love with Norma Lynn and the couple soon got married. The couple both worked for the electric company, and while Norma was a secretary for upper management, Max drifted from job to job. Eventually, he took the job of a lineman. This didn't sit well with Norma, who thought that Max should have more ambition. Eventually, Norma got fed up with Max's directionless life and left him. All Max had left was his job until the fateful day that one of his co-workers was endangered on the job. Max only agreed to save the troubled lineman if he was paid a substantial bonus. This is where things totally changed for Max Dillon. A freak lightning strike combined with the electricity in the power lines charged Max's body, giving him the powers he later used as the criminal known as Electro. Recalling all of this now, Dillon thinks about how that one moment ultimately led him being strapped into this electric chair. By this time, the Rose has arrived at Don Fortunato's mansion to discuss the rising tensions between his mob and the Black Tarantula. The Don makes it very clear that he does not want another gang war on his hands and offers the Rose his assistance. The Rose assures Fortunato that he has the situation under control and that he will soon have the power to deal with the Black Tarantula. The Don warns the Rose not to fail, reminding the masked man that he is one of the few people who know who he really is. At Empire State University, Mary Jane has a session with her psychologist, Doctor Reandeau. The doctor asks Mary Jane to talk about her feelings about losing her baby. This is a painful subject, and when Mary Jane is asked if she thinks if she is worthy of the future, she explains that she doesn't know. Mary Jane then admits to Doctor Reandeau that she thinks she lost her baby because she wasn't good enough to be a mother. At that very moment, somewhere on the Aegean Sea, Alison Mongrain calls her employer Norman Osborn. She leaves a message to tell him that their project is going according to plan. However, she is concerned that she did not receive her regular payment and tells him to call her as soon as possible to straighten this out. After hanging out, Mongrain talks to her "precious", that is contained in a baby's crib. She tells her "precious" that if Norman Osborn doesn't get back to her soon, she will be forced to make some hard decisions as she doesn't want to lose her "precious". Electro continues thinking about his life, how he learned how to control his powers and became Electro and his first battle with Spider-Man. He then thinks about his most humiliating defeat to date. It was when he absorbed all the electricity in Manhattan on the "Top of New York" building and lost control forcing him to beg Spider-Man to save his life. He thinks about his time in prison shortly after that and how he felt like a complete loser and how he never wants to feel that way ever again. While at the Daily Bugle, Peter Parker pays a visit to Joe Robertson to see if there are any freelance jobs available. After Joe gets off the phone with his wife, who is not happy with Joe for working late at the paper all the time, Joe regretfully informs Peter that there is no work for him. He explains that the Daily Bugle is struggling to keep afloat and he has been forced to use staff photographers whenever possible. As he walks out of the office, Peter is exhausted at the prospect of having to go out as Spider-Man in order to get photos.Finally, Electro has finished reflecting on his life and Delilah -- her hand on the switch that will activate the electric chair -- asks Dillon if he is ready to proceed. He tells her to throw the lever, as his powers are all he has left. As she pulls the switch and his body begins to fill with millions of volts of electricity, Max suddenly gets second thoughts and as he screams in agony, he thinks to himself that he is going to die. While in Argentina, the Black Tarantula is connected to Madame Qwa and gives her True Believers a mission. He has decided to flex his might by ordering the assassination of a high-ranking member of the press. He tells Qwa to eliminate Joe Robertson, not only to send a message to everyone in New York, but a police investigation will put blame on the Rose. Back in New York City, the Rose returns to his headquarters and learns from Delilah that Max Dillon survived. Entering the next room, they find Dillon back in his Electro costume. With his powers boosted to even greater levels than ever before, he pity's anyone who crosses his path, especailly Spider-Man.As Joe Robertson gets dressed for work, his with Martha tries to convince him that J. Jonah Jameson is exploiting him by having Joe work so many late hours. Joe tries to defend his old friend, telling her that the Daily Bugle has been having financial troubles and that they had to do a lot of lay-offs forcing him to pick up the slack. Martha tells Joe that the fate of the paper isn't his responsibility and he could always get another job. Joe brushes this off by checking to see if they are still on for lunch and promises that he will talk to Jameson, although he thinks to himself that trying to talk to Jameson will do little good.Elsewhere in the city, Electro has been revitalized and feels more powerful and confident than ever before. After showing off his newly restored powers, he thanks the Rose and Delilah for making the arrangements to get him back into the game. While the Rose is happy for Electro, he reminds the villain that they had an agreement. In repayment for the restoration of his powers, Electro promised to eliminate the Black Tarantula. Unfortunately, with his new powers, Electro figures that an assassination like this is beneath him as he now feels as though he is as powerful as a god. Although Delilah takes this as an insult, the Rose orders her to stand down as he is certain that despite his sudden god-complex, Electro will follow through on his side of the deal. Meanwhile, Meiko Yin the Dragonfly of the True Believers continues her training under the supervision of Madame Qwa. Meiko wonders why the Black Tarantula would assign her to assassinate Joe Robertson when there are more worthy foes, like Spider-Man, out there to be crushed. This angers Madame Qwa, who asks if Meiko is questioning the Black Tarantula's orders. Meiko apologizes for offending her master, vowing that she will follow her orders. While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson has a meeting with Joe Robertson, where he admits that the current struggles of the Daily Bugle are his fault. He insists that he can turn things around one paper at a time by putting in more time and effort. Hearing this, Joe doesn't speak up about any of the issues his wife brought up with him earlier that day.Meanwhile, at Empire State University, Peter Parker is busy tutoring Neil Aiken, who is struggling with his courses in bio-chemistry. The session is interrupted by Paul Stacy who comes by to tell Neil that he is tutoring Peter Parker in his studies as well and tells Neil that if he wants to get better assistance to look him up. When Neil asks if this is true, Peter doesn't deny it, prompting Aiken to wonder if he should take Paul up on his offer. After their session, Peter slips away to change into Spider-Man. As he checks his gear he wonders if he should give up tutoring Neil Aiken since he is having a hard time adjusting to his new classes. Webbing up his street clothes into a web-sack, Spider-Man swings away, wishing he could ease back into going to school as easily as his wife, Mary Jane. Web-slinging across the city, Spider-Man is hit with another headache, a residual effect of being bitten by Morbius the Living Vampire. He tries to get his mind off his worries as he has to find some crime to photograph and earn a living. While at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson checks in with Ben Urich's investigation into the Black Tarantula's attempts to enter the New York City underworld. Unfortunately, all Urich is able to learn about the Tarantula is rumor and innuendo. That's when photographer Angela Yin arrives for work and introduces Ben and Joe to her cousin Meiko. After exchanging pleasantries, Joe excuses himself so he can go meet his wife for lunch. As Joe packs up to leave, Meiko tells Angela that she too has to get going.Soon, Meiko is stalking Joe Robertson from the rooftop. To psyche herself up to carry out her mission Yin tries to dehumanize Joe in her mind so she only sees him as a target. As she prepares to attack, Spider-Man happens by on his way to the Daily Bugle when Meiko's presence triggers his spider-sense. After his past encounter with Meiko, Spider-Man knew something was fishy about her and decides to follow, despite the fact that his migraine is pounding away at him. At that same moment, the rest of the True Believers begin an attack on another part of town. Learning this, the Rose sends Electro out to deal with them. When Delilah asks the Rose if he can trust Electro, the Rose reminds her that he doesn't trust anybody. At that moment, Dragonfly and the True Believers ambush Joe Robertson and his wife Martha. However, before Meiko can eliminate Joe, Spider-Man swings down to save him. Martha suggests that they get out of there, but Joe tells her to go to the Bugle and get a photographer as this could be the story that helps save the Daily Bugle. Martha does as she is told, but thinks her husband is out of his mind. Spider-Man continues to battle Meiko and the ninjas but his headache is starting to slow him down. To make matters worse, Electro arrives on the scene and ambushes the combatants. Electro is looking to repay Spider-Man for humiliating him. The wall-crawler is confused, reminding Electro that he helped save the villain's life months earlier. Before Electro can attack Spider-Man, the ninjas try to ambush him, but he blasts them away with a jolt of electricity.By this time, J. Jonah Jameson has gotten a call from Martha Robertson and orders his staff to scramble and get the story. While down on the street, Martha Robertson has finished making calls to the police and the Bugle on a pay phone. The whole time she is wondering why her husband is willing to risk his life for a story and realizes to herself that she can't handle this anymore. While back at the scene of the battle, Meiko is blasted by Electro. While Spider-Man takes the attention off her, Joe Robertson drags her to safety. Because he saved Meiko's life, Joe is told that she now has a debt of honor to him. As such, Joe asks her to corroborate the information they have been compiling on the Black Tarantula. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is still on the defensive against Electro and smashes open a fire hydrant in the hopes that it will short his enemy out. However, Electro is too powerful and uses the heat created by his electrical charge to evaporate the water before it even strikes him. He then decides to try and something new and uses his powers to disrupt the electrical impulses in Spider-Man's brain, causing the wall-crawler extreme pain. Electro continues to pour on the power, demanding that Spider-Man begs for mercy in order to spare his life. With no other choice, the wall-crawler begs for mercy much to Electro's satisfaction. This is sufficient for Electro who is proud that he finally defeated Spider-Man and departs. Once he recovers from the attack, the web-head learns that Joe allowed Meiko and the True Believers to escape. When Spider-Man asks why Joe didn't do something to stop them, he tells the wall-crawler that he had a story to follow and leaves to meet up with his wife.Elektra clashes with two members of the Hand, demanding to know why the ninja cult has returned to New York City. One of them tells her that they have come to eliminate the True Believers, a spin-off of the Hand that is viewed as betrayers to their order. Elektra decides to spare the ninja in order for him to send back a message to his masters. Elektra doesn't care if the Hand and the True Believers eliminate each other, but warns them against harming innocent people. Thinking to herself, Elektra figures that only a fool would put himself between two warring cults.At that moment, Spider-Man loses his grip on his webbing as a pounding headache sets in. Cursing himself for being so stupid, the wall-crawler scrambles to break his fall and lands on a nearby rooftop. There he thinks about how he has been having these headaches ever since Morbius the Living Vampire bit him recently and how it has been affecting his performance recently. He thinks how this led to his recent and humiliating defeat at the hands of Electro. Thinking about how he was forced to beg for his life and how Electro must be laughing at him now, Peter angrily punches a chimney, turning it to rubble. While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson is delighted by the current front page story about the True Believer's recent attempt on Joe's life. The only thing he is upset about is how there was no way to connect Spider-Man to the mysterious Black Tarantula. That's when Joe reminds Jonah that Spider-Man was actually responsible for saving his life. When Jonah tries to get Ben Urich's thought on the story, Ben points out that the ninjas might come back and target them and their families for publishing this story.At that same moment, Madame Qwa -- the leader of the True Believers -- is furious to read the story in the paper and fears the Black Tarantula will punish them for their failure. Yano points out that the failure falls on Meiko Yin -- the Believer's Dragonfly -- as she was the one who provided Joe Robertson with the information for the newspaper story when she was supposed to assassinate the newspaper man. Despite Yano's demands that Meiko to eliminated, Madame Qwa believes that -- despite Yin's failure -- she is destined to be a great assassin. As penance for her failure, Meiko is ordered to murder her cousin Angela Yin. Meiko is shocked to be ordered to do this, but in order to save her own life and get back into the good graces of her master, Meiko agrees to carry out this order. As the Dragonfly leaves, Madame Qwa warns Meiko that another failure will not be tolerated. Meanwhile, Spider-Man returns to his home in Queens and feels awful and needs time to rest even though he needs to track down Electro and also learn what he can about Meiko Yin from her cousin Angela. That's when Anna Watson comes barging into Peter's room to learn what is making noise upstairs. In order to protect his double identity, Peter quickly leaps into bed and uses the blanket to cover up his costume. After explaining that he hasn't been feeling well, Peter asks Anna not to come barging into their bedroom without knocking first in the future. Because he was short with her, Peter apologizes, saying that his migraines have been really affecting his moods. Hearing that Peter isn't fell, Anna promises that she help Peter get well again.At that moment, the Rose is visited by Elektra, and her sudden arrival is anticipated by the mobster as he has heard about her attacks on members of the True Believers. Although the Rose invites her in to have some tea, Delilah is quickly at the defense of her employer. Although the Rose applauds Delilah's loyalty, he tells her to stand down as he is certain Elektra will eliminate the ninja problem they have been having lately. Later that day, Peter Parker finally manages to get Anna to leave him to "rest" so he can slip as Spider-Man and try to make up for lost ground. Meanwhile, Meiko has paid a visit to her cousin Angela, who tells her that Peter Parker has been calling for her for more information about the True Believers. While Angela is busy preparing a meal, Meiko grabs a knife off the counter and prepares to kill her cousin, but can't bring herself to do it and flees the apartment, unaware that she is being observed by Yano. At that same time, Elektra is traveling across the city, questioning her decision to ally herself with the Rose, even if it is temporary. While simultaneously, a mysterious being approaches Spider-Man and tips him off of an upcoming battle between Elektra and the True Believers that is about to go down at the west side train yards.A short time later, Meiko arrives at the train yards and begins to wonder what she will do next after failing to follow through on Madame Qwa's orders. That's when Yano and an army of ninjas ambush her intent on eliminating her life. Not far away, Elektra is rushing to the scene of the battle when she runs into Spider-Man. After some rather embarrassing exchanges on Spider-Man's part, he admits that he has been having a bad day and the pair agree to work together. While at the Daily Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson decides to take the potential threat from the Black Tarantula seriously and abruptly leaves the office so he and his wife can leave town. That's when Joe Robertson gets a phone call from his wife, Martha. When he tells Martha about what's going on, she points out that Jameson has the right idea and tells Joe to come home, but he still can't bring himself to abandon the Daily Bugle. Back at the train yards, Meiko surrenders to Yano who tells her that she will die for her failure, and they will also kill her cousin Angela. Before the True Believers can kill the disgraced warrior, Spider-Man and Elektra arrive on the scene, battling the ninjas and giving Meiko a chance to defend herself against Yano.As the battle rages, Spider-Man begins losing his temper and fighting more savagely as the True Believers are keeping him from doing what he really wants -- to get revenge against Electro. As Elektra takes down her own attackers, she stops Spider-Man before his anger allows him to crush one of the True Believers with a train car. Realizing that he almost crossed the line, Spider-Man stops himself. With the ninjas all defeated, Elektra tells Meiko that she has a long path to redeeming herself for her past crimes. Meanwhile, Elektra has also discovered that she can't just stand by on the sidelines while the Hand and the True Believers go to war. All of this resonates with Spider-Man who realizes that he too is allowing his emotions to get the better of him. After the two women depart, Spider-Man realizes that perhaps he needs to find the correct path, just as Meiko and Elektra need to. While at the moment, in South America, Chesbro brings his master the latest edition of the Daily Bugle. Learning about how the True Believers have been exposed, he realizes the Hand will track them down to New York. Not wanting to be involved in an expensive war against the Hand, he tells Chesbro to have Madame Qwa and her warriors return home. Having grown tired of the constant set backs, the Black Tarantula decides that it is time that he goes to New York and carve out his stake there personally.A young man is about to be mugged when he is saved by Spider-Man, who makes short work of the thieves. After this impromptu rescue, Spider-Man decides to head home as he is exhausted after spending all night out searching for Electro. Although the trail has dried up, he is confident that his old foe will come out of hiding sooner or later. At that same moment, Electro and Delilah are attempting to rob an armored truck for the Rose whose cash reserves are getting low. Unfortunately, Electro unleashes a blast so powerful it destroys the armored truck and ruins the money. When Delilah tries to scold him for being so reckless, but he could care less. Meanwhile, in Queens, Spider-Man returns to his home as another migraine sets in. He realizes that he was out later than he told Mary Jane that he would be. Although he manages to slip in bed just as the alarm clock goes off, Mary Jane catches him by throwing off the covers to reveal that he is still wearing his Spider-Man costume. Mary Jane is very concerned about Peter's obsession with capturing Electro and his constant headaches. The pair argue until Peter screams in pain. As it turns out, poping asprin to deal with his headaches has upset his ulcer. Their argument is interrupted by Mary Jane's Aunt Anna, who comes in to check on the couple, prompting Peter to quickly cover up his costume in a housecoat. Peter Parker is not the only person having trouble at home that morning, as Joe Robertson argues with his wife while getting ready for work. Martha still thinks that Joe is putting too much of his time into trying to save the Daily Bugle from going out of business. She insists that he quit as working for the Bugle is no longer safe, reminding him that J. Jonah Jameson was recently beaten in the company elevator. When Joe won't listen, Martha accuses him of caring more for the newspaper than his own wife and storms out of the bathroom, leaving Joe speechless.Meanwhile, the Rose has just acquired an abandoned power station to function as a place for Electro to operate from. However, the rose insists that Electro needs to pay by the considerable expense it has cost him to jumpstart Electro's powers and purchase the facility. Electro agrees to help but begins making more demands, much to the Rose's annoyance. Back in Queens, Peter is working on a batch of non-conductive webbing for when he goes back out looking for Electro again. Once again, he is interrupted by Anna, forcing Peter to quickly hide his Spider-Man gear before she stumbles upon it. When she gives him an ulcer remedy, he has to make a quick excuse to explain the strand of webbing he was testing. After Anna is gone, Peter is annoyed to discover that he stained his costume with ink while trying to hide it. While at Electro's hideout, the villain uses his powers to torture a rat and wonders how villains like Magneto and Doctor Doom hatch their schemes. Even after he humiliated Spider-Man in front of the whole city, Electro still feels like a loser. He thinks about how his father abandoned him because he was useless, how his wife divorced him for not being ambitious, and lastly his mother who thought he wasn't smart enough to make something of himself. Losing his temper, Electro unleashes a massive jolt of electricity, declaring that he will be treated like a loser no more and vows that everyone will remember his name, forever. At Empire State University, Mary Jane walks around campus at lunch looking for her husband and hopes that he isn't off being Spider-Man again as he can't afford to cut any more classes as it is. She ends up having lunch with Phil Urich and is friend Meredith Campbell. They then begin talking about how Jameson was attacked recently. Phil doesn't feel much sympathy for his former employer, saying that he cares more about Spider-Man and all the villains he faces. Hearing the name of her husband's alter-ego causes Mary Jane to become nervous. Mary Jane's concerns are well warranted, as Peter -- feeling better after Anna's remedy -- is back out web-slinging even though he knows this will get him in trouble with his wife. However, the wall-crawler is jumpy, briefly and decides to seek out a friend who knows how he feels. Elsewhere in the city, the Rose and Delilah have just learned that not only has Electro destroyed the power station that they just bought, but he is planning on creating a massive electrical bomb and threatening to use it to destroy Manhattan. Delilah insists that they get rid of Electro, however, the Rose is suddenly is inspired and leaves to make the necessary arrangements to find a suitable replacement. While at the Robertson home, Martha refuses to give up on convincing her husband to quit his job at the Daily Bugle before it kills him. Back at Empire State University, Professor Mark Howard notices that Peter Parker is not present in his class. His rival, Paul Stacy, lies and says he saw Parker in the cafeteria, further reinforcing the teacher's opinion that Parker does not take his class seriously.Meanwhile, Spider-Man meets with his friend Nate Grey -- the X-Man -- to ask for his advice on how to deal with Electro. To the wall-crawler's surprise, Nate suggests using his telepathic powers to fry Electro's brain. Spider-Man understands that Nate comes from a world where it was kill or be killed, but he reminds the young mutant that things are much different here and they have to rely on the justice system to punish criminals. Although Spider-Man admits that he was only interested in getting revenge against Electro to begin with, all he wants to do now bring the villain to justice. Looking at the time, Spider-Man tells Nate that he will meet up with him later after he makes some last minute preparations and checks a lead at the Daily Bugle. At that moment, the Rose is meeting with Master Zei of the True Believers. After discussing the terms of the Rose's request, Zei accepts the job. Delilah isn't happy that her employer is hiring the same clan of ninjas that are employed by the Black Tarantula, and finds that task at hand morbid. All that is left is dealing with Electro, but the Rose already has someone picked out to clean up his mistake.When Peter Parker arrives at the Daily Bugle, he watches as Joe Robertson has an argument with his wife Martha. Watching them fight makes Peter realize that his obsession with catching Electro may be putting his own relationship with Mary Jane at risk. His thoughts are interrupted by Ben Urich who hands him a letter that was sent to the Bugle addressed to Spider-Man, figuring that Peter would be the best person to receive it. When Peter reads the contents he suddenly rushes out of the office, not telling Urich what the letter was about. Peter changes into a specially prepared Spider-Man costume that will protect him against Electro's powers. He then recruits the X-Man to join him in confronting his foe at a central switching station where Electro intends to hold the city ransom. Unfortunately for the two heroes, Electro is a lot more confident than Spider-Man expected. Still, Nate attempts to incapacitate Electro his his mental powers. Despite this, Electro has full control over electricity, including the electrical impulses of his own brain and is able to fend off this attack. The ambush on Nate takes both combatants up onto the street. The wall-crawler follows after them and noticing that Nate has been knocked out comes to his rescue.Once the X-Man has gotten to safety, Spider-Man tries to convince Electro that they don't need to fight, reminding the villain how he saved his life once before. This does nothing more than anger Electro, putting Spider-Man on the defensive. Watching from the sidelines, Delilah realizes that Electro has become too powerful and she regrets not treating him with more respect. While at Cypress Hill's Cemetery, the groundskeepers watch as ninjas from the True Believers have dug up a grave and are staling the coffin buried there. After the ninjas have finished their grim deed and fled, they go up to investigate the scene. Reading the name on the headstone, they realize that this was no ordinary grave robbery. Back in Manhattan, Spider-Man attempts to restrain Electro with his non-conductive webbing. Unfortunately, Electro is able to increase his body heat enough to blast free from the webbing. When debris begins to fall on people on the street they are saved by the X-Man who uses his telekinetic powers to stop the falling rubble. Not far away, J. Jonah Jameson sees the smoke rising from the scene of the battle and demands to know what is going on. Unfortuantely, the doctors refuse to tell the newspaper publisher anything, insisting that he needs to relax. By this point, Spider-Man's protective costume has taken a great deal of punishment and is beginning to crumble. Still, he manages to grab a rock from the ground and hit Electro in the head with it. The blow causes Electro to black out for a moment. When he wakes up, the villain finds himself getting slapped around by the wall-crawler who still wants to pay Electro back for his past humiliation.This causes Electro to think of his father once more, and how the man used to call him a failure all the time. Deciding that enough is enough, Electro flies up to the top of the nearby building, intending on setting off the electrical bomb he had prepared. When Nate prepares to take the villain out with a psi-blast, the wall-crawler convinces him to stop as he still wants to bring Electro to justice. Using his webbing as a sling-shot, Spider-Man launches himself up into the sky and strikes Electro with enough force that it causes the villain to miss his shot at setting off the bomb with an electrical charge. Electro then tries to flee the scene, but Spider-Man follows after him and manages to land a powerful blow, unaware that the villain has been building up his electrical powers to critical mass. Both men begin falling to the ground below, but Spider-Man is rescued by Nate, who in turn manages to snare Electro with a web-line in order to save his life as well. Spider-Man pleads with Electro to hold on while they get him to a nearby building, the villain has decided that he is such a loser that he no longer deserves to live. Using his electrical powers to sever the web-line, Electro then falls into the water below and seemingly dies a powerful electrical explosion.Later, Mary Jane leaves classes to find her husband Peter waiting outside for her. She is mad that he cut classes but they quickly make up. However, the mood is soured when Professor Howard spots Peter and scolds him for cutting class as well. At that moment, Doctor Octopus is working in her secret lab when she hears a radio report about how her predacessor, Otto Octavius, had just had his grave robbed. Horrified by this, Doctor Octopus becomes determined to find who was responsible.Peter Parker has a nightmare about Doctor Octopus arriving from the grave. He sits upright, waking his wife Mary Jane who instantly knows that Peter is concerned about the fact the grave of Doctor Octopus has recently been robbed. Peter hopes that this is the work of some sick-o and not someone trying to bring Doctor Octopus back from the dead, recalling that Otto Octavius is one of his oldest, most deadly foes. When Mary Jane tries to reassure her husband that Doctor Octopus is not going to come back from the dead, Peter reminds her that the Green Goblin managed to cheat death recently. Elsewhere in the city, the current Doctor Octopus -- Carolyn Trainer -- smashes up a dive bar in order to learn who stole the body of her beloved Otto Octavius. One of the patrons, named Louie, knows what happened to Otto's body and agrees to talk. Soon word of these attacks reaches the Rose, who hired the True Believers to kidnap Octavius' body to further his position in the criminal underworld. Unconcerned, the Rose checks with Master Zei who tells his employer that he can bring Octavius back from the void, but that in order to do so a sacrifice will have to be made. This is satisfactory for the Rose, who has just the candidate in mind for such an operation. Meanwhile, Angelina Brancale goes through the daily drudgery of restocking the shelves of the video store she works at. Her work is interrupted by Doctor Octopus and realizes that Carolyne has come to her because of the theft at Otto's tomb. Trainer confirms that this is true and tells her that they need Stunner to live again. At that moment, at Empire State University, Peter Parker sits in class when he notices getting the stink-eye from Paul Stacy. He wishes he could do something about Stacy and his grudge against Peter, particularly since learning that Paul has been getting chummy with the Friends of Humanity, an anti-mutant group. Soon, Peter's mind drifts back to his concerns about the return of Doctor Octopus and wonders if someone could pull a "Doctor Frankenstein" and bring Otto back from the dead. This visibly shocks him, leading his teacher -- Professor Howard -- to believe that Parker is finally paying attention to his class. By this time, Doctor Octopus has brought Angela back to her lab and uses her virtual reality projector to activate her Stunner avatar. Later, Peter Parker is web-slinging across the city, his mind still on the subject of his oldest foe cheating death. He thinks about how often read retractions about members of the hero community that has been mistaken for dead in the past. This makes him hope that the heroes who died during the final battle against Onslaught might still be alive and come back some day. He comes across Louie, the stool pigeon, and notices that the man has his arm in a case. He decides to shake the man down to learn what Doctor Octopus is up to.Meanwhile, back in her lab, Doctor Octopus shows the Stunner the remains of the Master Programmer the artificial intelligence that was a copy of the mind of Otto Octavius. She has recovered what she can and hopes to be present when the ninjas reanimate Otto's body so she can use the collected data to reboot his mind. At this same moment, Mary Jane has an appointment with her psychologist Doctor Reandeau where she makes a startling admission: She wants to have a cigarette. Doctor Randeau believes that Mary Jane's craving for nicotine might be the symptom of wanting something larger. Mary Jane then asks if it is possible for someone to come back from the dead, in a literal sense. When Randeau asks if she has someone in mind, Mary Jane says she does. A world away on the Aegean Sea, Alison Mongrain makes yet another unsuccessful call to Norman Osborn demanding her outstanding payments. This has angered her, and she tells her cat -- Precious -- that if Norman Osborn won't pay her to keep quiet, she'll have to take what she knows to the Parkers.Back in the United States, Doctor Octopus and Stunner break into the meatpacking plant where Otto's body has been taken. Inside they are ambushed by an army of True Believers and Delilah. With the ninjas quickly dispatched, the three women are about to come to blows when the battle is interrupted by the arrival of Spider-Man. While the True Believers attack the wall-crawler, the Rose approaches Doctor Octopus and Stunner and suggests that since they all have a mutual enemy that an alliance is in order. The wall-crawler is busy fighting off the True Believers when he suddenly notices that Delilah, Stunner, and Doctor Octopus are not part of the fight. As if on cue, his spider-sense goes off allowing Spider-Man to narrowly dodge a rack of meat that has been upended by Stunner and Delilah. While Spider-Man is busy dodging the falling debris, Master Zei tosses a throwing star that nicks the masked hero. Once getting to safety, Spider-Man is about to launch a new attack when he realizes that the throwing star was drugged and suddenly collapses to the ground. When Spider-Man comes around he finds himself chained to a table next to the corpse of Otto Octavius. The True Believers are standing around him preparing the ceremony to sacrifice Spider-Man's life force to bring Doctor Octopus back to life.As the True Believers prepare the ceremony to bring back Otto Octavius, the woman known as Stunner thinks back. She thinks about how her current form is an illusion and a lie. She thinks back to growing up as a fat child that was constantly mocked and bullied by her peers. This led to her withdrawing from society and lived a solitary life until she met and became lovers with Otto Octavius. She was deeply hurt when he died and now, with Spider-Man's life about to be forfeit in order to bring Otto back, Stunner realizes that she is willing to do anything in order to bring her beloved back from the dead. As Master Zhi and his True Believers begin the ceremony it is watched by the Rose, Delilah, Carolyne Trainer -- the current Doctor Octopus -- and Stunner. On one side of the room, the Rose tells Delilah that he hopes that with the resurrection of Octavius, the villain will be indebted to the Rose for not only bringing him back to life but using his greatest enemy as a sacrifice. On the other side of the room, Doctor Octopus is prepared to step in should the ninjas actually manage to bring their beloved back.While this is happening, Peter Parker drifts into unconsciousness. His mind finds itself in a black void in a life or death struggle with a monstrous form of Doctor Octopus. As he wraps Peter in his tendrils, Doctor Octopus tells him that he is coming back from the dead and there is nothing that Spider-Man can do to stop him. Suddenly he sees what appear to be spirits of his Aunt May and Uncle Ben. They both tell Peter to not give up and keep fighting and not to allow himself to be responsible for the rebirth of Doctor Octopus. That's when Harry Osborn, in his Green Goblin costume, comes flying in to help Peter break free. He explains that he can't allow someone other than his father, Norman Osborn, destroy the wall-crawler. However, Peter refuses to let anyone fight his own battles, reminding Harry that he is Spider-Man and has more than enough strength to break free.As Peter breaks free in this dream, Spider-Man regains consciousness and breaks free from the chains binding him to the table. He then knocks out the True Believers that are part of the ceremony. Stunner tries to stop Spider-Man from getting away, but he manages to knock her aside. Realizing that the only way to prevent them from bringing back Doctor Octopus is to get away, Spider-Man flees outside, fighting off the ninjas that are stationed outside. Back in the meatpacking plant, Master Zei tells those gathered that the situation is grave, if they do not complete the cemetery now, Otto Octavius will be lost to them forever. Faced with losing her beloved, Stunner offers to sacrifice her own life in order to bring him back. Outside, Delilah joins the battle against Spider-Man. At that moment, the Black Tarantula has arrived in New York and is staying at the Plaza Hotel. There he meets with Madam Qwa, who tells him how her brother is using his power to help the Rose bring the original Doctor Octopus back to life. The Tarantula decides to allow this to happen, thinking he can get Octavius to work for him. When Qwa notices the Tarantula's aid, Chesbro, leaving the apartment, she asks where the servant is going. The Black Tarantula explains that Chesbro has been sent out on a personal matter. Back at the meatpacking plant, Stunner prepares for the sacrifice by thinking back on a past relationship with Otto Octavius. He thinks about how he truly loved her for who she was, and was able to look past her obesity. How he built her the virtual reality matrix that allowed her to become Stunner. After all the love he gave her and everything he did, she feels that she owes him everything and this is why she is willing to sacrifice herself. As Master Zei prepares the final ceremony, Carolyne approaches Stunner and reveals that she need not die because her presence here is as a virtual reality matrix. However, she assures Stunner that Otto will be brought back to them. Showing her a device she brought along, she explains that it contains the remains of the Master Programmer. She explains that, when she worked with Otto, Carolyn assisted in creating the Master Programmer which was a copy of Otto's mind an personality. On the roof, Spider-Man continues to fight the True Believers and Delilah. As they fight, Spider-Man insists that he will do whatever he can to stop them from bringing Doctor Octopus back to life. Delilah, however, believes that Zei will fail and that will give her the opportunity to eliminate him. Meanwhile, Mary Jane is at Empire State University spending time with he classmate Shantal Wilsk and Professor Marina Caches. Both Mary Jane and Shantal are fascinated by the lectures that Caches gives on criminal psychology. As they talk about their personal lives, they are unaware that they are being observed by Chesbro, the Black Tarantula's faithful assistant. As they talk, Marina tells them about how she fled her native South America in order to get away from her ex-husband. At that moment, Spider-Man is losing ground against Delilah and decides to retreat into the ventilation system. At this time, something is going wrong with the ceremony leading Master Zei to believe that something is angering the Beast, the creature the True Believers worship. Fearing for his safety, the Rose decides to hide until the danger passes. As Spider-Man battles Delilah in the vents, the ceremony is nearing completion. Just before it is finished, Carolyn orders Stunner to retreat back to her human body while also implanting the device containing the Master Programmer to Otto's head. Angelina retreats back to her body, but the powerful energies at work cause her virtual reality visor to shatter. Just as Spider-Man finishes knocking out Delilah his spider-sense begins going off again. That's when Otto Octavius -- the one true Doctor Octopus -- comes crashing through the wall. Seeing the astonished look on Spider-Man's face, Doctor Octopus asks the wall-crawler why he isn't happy to see that Doctor Octopus lives again.Spider-Man finds it impossible to believe that Doctor Octopus is back from the dead. However, the reality sinks in real quick when the debris created by the Doctor's flailing arms falls toward a little girl trying to escape. Spider-Man swoops in and rescues the girl, who is unhappy that the wall-crawler couldn't also save her bike. As Spider-Man carries the girl to safety he is still being followed by his oldest and greatest foe. Not far away, at a meatpacking plant, the Rose and Carolyn Trainer -- the successor of Doctor Octopus -- assess what happened during the ceremony that brought Otto Octavius back from the dead. Since Master Zei and his minions are now dead, the Rose quickly deduces that trying to use the life force of Stunner, who was only present as a virtual proxy, backfired on them. After seeing Stunner's virtual form discorporate, Carolyn Trainer worries about her fate as well as worry about her beloved Otto who is still suffering the shock of being resurrected and seeing his greatest foe. Back on the street, Spider-Man continues to evade the attacks launched by Doctor Octopus until he can get the little girl in his arms to safety. Otto continues lashing out, his mind consumed with nothing but thoughts of wanting to destroy the wall-crawler. That's when he tries to crush the web-spinning hero between two cars. However, Spider-Man manages to leap into one of the vehicles where he finds something that could help him in this life and death battle. At that moment, at Empire State University, Jill Stacy shows her friends Mary Jane and Shantal Wilsk an advertisement of the upcoming ESU toga party. While the other two women are interested in going, Mary Jane isn't sure she'll be able to convince her husband, Peter Parker, to go along. When Shantal questions what kind of man wouldn't want to keep her wife happy, Mary Jane snorts in agreement, however, she secretly knows the crushing responsibilities that Peter has in his alter-ego. Back at the scene of the battle, Spider-Man has discovered that the keys are still in the ignition of the car he ducked into. Starting the engine and hitting the gas, the wall-crawler crashes into Doctor Octopus' mechanical arms, sending him crashing to the ground.Not far away, the Rose has found Delilah and carries her away before the authorities arrive while Carolyn Trainer rushes off to join Otto. While at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson informs J. Jonah Jameson about the battle between Spider-Man and Doctor Octopus on the Lower Eastside. However, Jonah's mind is more occupied with the fact that he recently had to sell half of the Daily Bugle to Norman Osborn. Jameson tries to brush it off as a simple business transaction, but Joe knows the idea of selling to a man who is allegedly the Green Goblin doesn't sit well with Jonah. Jameson can only say that Joe should follow his conscience and do what he thinks is right because that's what Jonah did. Back on the Lower East Side, Spider-Man continues to battle Doctor Octopus. At this point, he is confused as to why Doctor Octopus hasn't at least alluded to the fact that he knows Spider-Man's secret identity. Back on the Lower East Side, Spider-Man finally gets in close enough to try and strike Doctor Octopus, however, he is using Carolyn Trainer's mechanical arms which also have a protective force field. Getting his coils around the wall-crawler, Otto tries to crush the life out of him. That's when Carolyn arrives on the scene and tells Octavius that they need to leave because the authorities are on their way. This allows Spider-Man to pick up some rubble with his feet and throw it into Otto's stomach with enough force to stun Octavius and free himself. Recovering quickly, the Doctor tries to resume his attack, but Trainer warns him the authorities are almost there. Instead, Doctor Octopus uses his arms to wreck a nearby apartment building, causing it to collapse. This forces Spider-Man to assist those in danger while both Otto and Carolyne flee.Returning to his home in Queens, Peter soaks in the bathtub and broods. Mary Jane tries to get him to consider the fight a win since he saved live. Still, Peter can't stop blaming himself for letting Doctor Octopus get away. Mary Jane then asks Peter if he will come with her to the ESU Toga Party. He tells her he can't because he has to look for Doctor Octopus, but Mary Jane guilts him by reminding him that he is always going after some other villain, making him realize he was being a jerk and agrees to go with her. While at the Park Plaza Hotel, Madame Qwa is furious that her brother, Master Zei, was killed in the process of bringing Doctor Octopus back from the dead and demands revenge. The Black Tarantula assures her that he will get this revenge personally, in the name of her brother. He then orders Chesbro to continue his important task. While at Trainer's secret lab, she and Doctor Octopus find Angelina Brancale in a catatonic state. Apparently, the ceremony that brought Octavius back caused feedback through her virtual reality hardware and put her in this state. Brought to tears, Otto cradles Angelina's body in his arms and blames Spider-Man for this and vows to get revenge. Meanwhile, at Empire State University, Peter and Mary Jane arrive at the toga party. While Mary Jane is dragged off with her girlfriends, Peter hangs back and is kept company by Jill Stacy, who is also attending the party. While at the Rose's penthouse apartment, Delilah soaks herself in a hot tub to relax after her battle. She is upset that the Rose has left her alone, and is starting to reconsider their partnership. That's when she is yanked out of the hot tub by a powerful man lurking in the shadows. Pinning her to the wall, this man is impressed to see that she has the eyes of a fierce warrior. However, her killer instinct quickly melts away as soon as the intruder introduces himself as the Black Tarantula. While at the Daily Bugle, Jacob Conover has been called in for a meeting with Joe Robertson. Still bitter over being fired, he is delighted to hear that the Bugle is in a better financial situation now that Norman Osborn purchased half of the paper. As such, Robertson has is looking to rebuild the staff and has invited Conover in to make him a job offer. Delighting in this turn of events, Conover obnoxiously sits in Joe's desk chair and asks his former employer to make an offer he can't refuse. Back at the Rose's penthouse, the Black Tarantula savagely beats Delilah, particularly since she was responsible for the death of his operative, El Uno. Beating her within an inch of her life, the Black Tarantula tells her that he has no intentions of killing her. Instead, he shows her how powerful he truly is by using his abilities to fully heal her injuries so she can leave a message to her employer about the dangers of crossing him in the future.Back at Empire State Univeresity, Peter Parker finds himself having fun despite his current problems. He is rejoined by his wife who tells him to join her on the dance floor. On the way there Mary Jane introduces her to Professor Marina Caches. Caches introduces them to her friend, Dante Rigoletto, who quickly brushes the Parkers off to make a phone call. Peter and Mary Jane then go onto the dance floor where Peter admits that he is happy that he took the night off. As he and Mary Jane dance the night away they are unaware that the Black Tarantula's assistant Chesbro is watching the party with a keen eye.Reading the newspaper, the Absorbing Man tells his wife Titania about the front page story which shows Spider-Man punching Norman Osborn. After getting stiffed by the Juggernaut and the New World Order, he is looking for a new plan to earn them some fast cash and suggests that they try to cash in on the million dollar reward that is being offered for the wall-crawler's capture. Although they both hold a grudge against Spider-Man, Titania points out that -- as criminals -- they could never claim the reward. However, Carl Creel has an idea to get around this. He shows her a photo of the new super-heroes calling themselves the Thunderbolts and explains that they have given him a great deal of inspiration.A few nights later, Spider-Man stops a pair of crooks from committing a break and enter. Due to the wall-crawler's bad press, the crooks run in fear from Spider-Man alerting a police office. Instead of helping to capture the crooks, the officer tries to arrest Spider-Man instead, forcing the web-slinger to make a hasty retreat. When Peter returns home and tells his wife Mary Jane about what happened, she reminds him that she told him so. She points out that the million dollar reward will make anyone try to capture him for the money. She also points out that Norman Osborn knows Peter's secret identity and is using this to work against him. She is concerned with his safety, especially after what has recently happened to Daredevil, and reminds him he promised her that he would stop being Spider-Man for a while unless it was absolutely necessary. While at the Robertson apartment, Joe tells his wife Martha that he can't understand why J. Jonah Jameson would sell half of the Daily Bugle to Norman Osborn. This on top of how Osborn has been using it as a platform to promote vigilantism doesn't sit well with him. This leads to Martha reminding Joe that he only works for the Bugle and he should stop letting it run his entire life. While across New York, members of the super-powered community read about Spider-Man's current troubles. While the X-Man doesn't understand why Spider-Man would intentionally attack an innocent man, Doctor Octopus and Carolyn Trainer gloat over the wall-crawler's misfortune, while Wolverine and Beast of the X-Men are too busy fighting over the funnies to concern themselves with Spider-Man's plight. While at the home of Matt Murdock, the blind lawyer assures his business partner Foggy Nelson that he will take it easy. However, when he is alone he changes into Daredevil so he can go out and learn Spider-Man's side of the whole Osborn assault, despite the fact that he is still recovering from a recent gunshot wound.At the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson tries to talk sense into J. Jonah Jameson who is unwilling to listen. That's when Norman Osborn tells the two men to meet him out in the bullpen. There he introduces Jonah and Joe to two new costumed heroes Thunder Girl and Lightningbolt who have recently announced their intentions to capture Spider-Man. Unknown to everyone gathered is that these "new heroes" are actually Titania and Absorbing Man in disguise. By this time, Peter has finished walking Mary Jane to her classes at Empire State University where she once more reminds him that he promised not to be Spider-Man. Peter can understand Mary Jane's position since it seems that his old villains seem to be coming back with no end in sight. That's when his spider-sense detects someone leaping across some nearby rooftops. Unable to identify who it was, Peter rushes off to change into Spider-Man to investigate, slipping away from his bio-chem teacher Professor Mark Howards in the process.Up on the rooftops, Peter quickly changes into Spider-Man, worrying that his wife will be angry with him if she finds out that he went into costume so soon. He soon finds the man who has been trailing him and it turns out to be Daredevil who wants to hear Spider-Man's side of the story regarding the attack on Norman Osborn. Since Daredevil knows that Peter Parker is Spider-Man and tells his ally that Norman Osborn knows this as well and that he was also the original Green Goblin. Although Spider-Man has no proof that Osborn is the Goblin, and hearing why he attacked Osborn, Daredevil believes him due to the fact his powers allow him to detect if someone is lying or not. That's when the pair are spotted by a traffic helicopter. Back at the Daily Bugle, "Lightning Bolt" gloats over how easily his sceme to fool people into thinking he and "Thunder Girl" are heroes. He explains that the recent loss of the Avengers and the Fantastic Four and the public's instant acceptance of the newly formed Thunderbolts gave him the idea. That's when Norman Osborn enters the room and tells the two "heroes" that Spider-Man has been spotted near Empire State University. After the pair rush off to face the wall-crawler, Norman Osborn tells J. Jonah Jameson that he saw through Absorbing Man and Titania's pitiful disguises and alerts the authorities that they are back in town.Back on campus, Spider-Man uses the public's fear of him to force the helicopter pilot to explain why he has been following the wall-crawler. After the interrogation is done, the pair are ambushed by "Lightning Bolt" and "Thunder Girl". As Spider-Man and Daredevil defend themselves from their attackers the pair quickly deduces that they are really facing Absorbing Man and Titania. With their disguises blown, Absorbing Man drops all pretenses and begins using his powers to boost his strength. As the battle rages, Professor Howard tries to clear out the hallways of the school. When news of the battle reaches the radio, the broadcast is overheard by Joe Robertson who realizes that this battle was instigated by the Daily Bugle. Fearing fallout against the newspaper, Joe tries to rush off to do damage control. However, he is stopped by Martha who asks Joe when he will stop allowing himself being pulled into the madness created by the paper. As the battle rages on, Mary Jane learns that Spider-Man is involved and is not happy to hear it. While back at the Bugle, J. Jonah Jameson is happy to see Joe arrive with his wife Martha. However, Joe informs Jonah that he has only come by to tell him that he is taking the rest of the day off so he can reflect on working for the Daily Bugle in the future. By this time, Spider-Man's fight with Absorbing Man has been taken outside, where the villain damages the traffic helicopter. This prompts Spider-Man to leap up and rescue the pilot before the helicopter can crash. Inside, Titania tries to lunge at Daredevil, but he is able to sense her movements and leap out of the way. This sends Titania crashing through a window and puts her directly under the crashing helicopter which explodes on impact. Seeing this happen, the Absorbing Man fears for his wife's life and tries to rush into the flames to save her even though his body has taken on the properties of wood. To make matters worse, he starts taking on the property of the fire, making it impossible for him to save Titania. Seeing that a life is on the line, Spider-Man webs up his body and leaps into the flames. Daredevil watches this from nearby and fear for their safety but is relieved when Spider-Man emerges unscathed with Titania in his arms. With Titania needing immediate medical attention, Absorbing Man surrenders to the authorities. Meanwhile, Spider-Man slips away to change back into Peter Parker and find his wife. When he does find Mary Jane, she tells Peter that she is angry and very disappointed in him and walks away before he can get in another word.Spider-Man is elated that the Avengers and the Fantastic Four, who were long believed to have died during the final battle against Onslaught, have returned alive and well. In his excitement, the wall-crawler momentarily forgets that there is currently a bounty on his head. Looking forward to seeing the Fantastic Four, Spider-Man heads to the Four Freedoms Plaza where he remembers that the FF no longer live there and that it is now the current headquarters of the Thunderbolts. He then decides to go to the Daily Bugle later to find out where the Fantastic Four are headquartered at. As he leaves, he is observed by Atlas, Techno, and Citizen V of the Thunderbolts. They briefly wonder if the web-slinger has discovered the truth about them, but dismiss this as Spider-Man doesn't strike them as much of a detective. Needing to get to classes at Empire State University, Peter finds a nearby ally to change back into his civilian clothes, knowing that his wife is concerned for his safety since the bounty. While high above the planet, the Silver Surfer saves a space station from an approaching meteor. He is also delighted to hear that the Fantastic Four are back, but he is concerned what this means about his current relationship with Alicia Masters, the Thing's former girlfriend. Back on Earth, Peter Parker meets up with his wife, who is unhappy to hear that her husband was web-slinging. He assures her that it was an isolated incident, telling her that now that the missing heroes are back, it will take a lot of pressure off him to become Spider-Man and put himself at risk. After Peter smooth things over he heads off to class, confident that this time he will be able to keep his promise to his wife and stay out of the webs until he can clear his name.At that moment, at Ravencroft Institute, the new administrator is furious over the cost overruns during Ashley Kafka's run of the facility, particularly when it comes to dealing with Cleuts Kasady, the notorious serial killer known as Carnage. Despite warnings from the security staff, the new director decides to reduce some of the microwaves that keep him contained in his cell, confident that Kasady won't notice the change. Unfortunately, as soon as he shuts down the microwave containment, Cletus turns into Carnage and breaks free from his cell. After slaughtering the guards, Carnage escapes the facility, seeking to get revenge against Spider-Man. While at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson is in a meeting with J. Jonah Jameson and demands to know why Jonah sold the Bugle to Norman Osborn and why he has been acting so strangely since. When Jonah doesn't give him any answers, Joe Robertson tells him that he has to make some of his own and storms out. On his way out, he bumps into Jacob Conover, who tells him that Osborn is shopping for a new editor-in-chief and that Robertson might soon be out of a job. As Conover is warmly invited into Norman's office, Joe suddenly feels like a stranger. Returning to his office, Joe thinks about quitting, something that his wife wants him to do anyway, but isn't sure what he should do. It's then that Peter Parker arrives to find out where the Fantastic Four are making their home. His thoughts are interrupted by Billy Walters, one of the Bugle's new reporters, who has scored some tickets to see the Knicks play. Since Billy has been trying hard to be friendly, only for Peter to blow him off to be Spider-Man, Peter decides to take him up on the offer.While down in the lobby, Martha Robertson rushes to catch the elevator up to the newsroom. The elevator is held open by none other that Cletus Kasady. When he hears that this woman is the wife of Joe Robertson, Kasady decides to use her to send a message. Moments later, everyone hears a blood curdling scream coming from the elevators. Recognizing the voice of his wife, Joe Robertson rushes to see what is wrong and is horrified by what he sees. While at Empire State University, Mary Jane is having lunch with Jill Stacy and Shantal Wilsk. Shantal wants to know what's going on with her and Peter, but Mary Jane is being candid as usual. However, when she overhears a radio report about Carnage's escape, Mary Jane collapses into a chair. Her friends concern for her well-being is nothing compared to the fear that Mary Jane feels for her husband. Back at the Bugle, Joe is relieved to discover that his wife is still alive, Carnage only stabbed her in the arm so he could write "Carnage Rules" on the wall of the elevator in blood. Seeing this, Peter realizes that he can't just stand back and do nothing and slips away to hunt for Carnage as Spider-Man. Not far away, Carnage is terrorizing a man for parking in a handicapped space and is about to crush him with a car when Spider-Man saves him. Their battle attracts the attention of the Silver Surfer who has just arrived over the city. Recognizing Spider-Man, the Surfer flies down to lend him a hand.When Carnage makes contact with the Surfer, he is shocked when his symbiote suddenly abandons him, leaving Kasady in a near catatonic state. The Silver Surfer realizes how serious the threat of the symbiotes are and tries to follow after the alien creature while Spider-Man handles Cletus. Kasady tells Spider-Man that his symbiote's last thoughts that they must have revenge, but there was only one way to stop the Surfer. Suddenly, the ground explodes and Spider-Man is horrified to see that the Carnage symbiote has now bonded to the Silver Surfer. Now calling itself the Cosmic Carnage, the alien creature intends to use the Surfer's power to take out its anger and frustration on the entire universe.The Silver Surfer has been possessed by the Carnage symbiote and now struggles to keep in control. Seeing the Surfer struggle, Spider-Man tries to help, but the symbiote can access Norrin Radd's Power Cosmic and uses it to keep the wall-crawler at bay. The Surfer tells Spider-Man to keep away and let him try and handle this situation. Flying away, the Surfer smashes through a building, forcing the wall-crawler to save nearby bystanders who are beneath the rubble. At that moment, at the Empire State University lunch room, Mary Jane and her friends listen to the radio for further reports about Carnage's recent escape from Ravencroft. Mary Jane is particularly worried and hopes that her husband hasn't done anything stupid like go into costume to face his foe. While at the hospital, Martha Robertson is released after the wounds sustained from being attacked by Carnage have been patched up. Deeply upset by the situation, Martha tells her husband Joe that he has a choice to make: He needs to either choose the Daily Bugle, or their marriage. That's when Joe hears someone calling for help down the hall. This turns out to be Spider-Man who has arrived to get Cletus Kasady some medical help, as he has been in a bad way since his symbiote abandoned him to bond with the Silver Surfer. Although the doctors on site are quick to take Kasady into their care, security tries to arrest the wall-crawler, forcing him to flee to evade capture.Meanwhile, in deep space, Cosmic Carnage flies far away from Earth. The symbiote has tapped into a distant genetic memory of a time, many years ago, when a planet conquered by symbiotes became the latest in the many planets eaten by Galactus. Remembering how the Silver Surfer was present as his master consumed that world, the symbiote intends to use the former herald of Galactus to get revenge against the cosmic being that slaughtered so many of its own kind. While back on Earth, Spider-Man tries to call the Avengers, but unfortunately the team is not present at the mansion. The wall-crawler is forced to cut the call short when a trio of men try to capture him and claim the bounty on his head. Back at the hospital, Martha Robertson has calmed down and tells Joe that he can't just quit at the Daily Bugle for her, he must also because it is what he wants to do. Joe has a lot to consider, however the recent sale of the Bugle to Norman Osborn, things have been very different at the newspaper. In one of the other rooms, a doctor has determined that Cletus Kasady is suffering from a severe form of stomach cancer and that the symbiote was preventing from killing. Hearing this from outside the window, Spider-Man believes that death-by-cancer couldn't happen to a more deserving person, however, due to his moral code, the wall-crawler can't just stand by and let Cletus Kasady die. Unfortunately, he cannot do that unless he can find some way to separate the symbiote from the Silver Surfer.Back in space, the Silver Surfer continues to struggle with the symbiote. The creature responds by flooding his mind with memories of Cletus Kasady and his abusive childhood. While on Earth, Spider-Man goes to Washington Square Park to see if his friend Nate Grey, the X-Man, is present. However, he is chased away by the strange cult that has gathered in the area to worship him. Swinging up to the rooftops a frustrated wall-crawler wonders why he helps the very people who fear and hate him and begins considering leaving Cosmic Carnage for them to deal with. At that moment, the Silver Surfer reaches deep within his mind and uses the Cosmic Power to stop the warring personalities that is sharing his mind. By this point, Peter Parker has changed back into his street clothes, still wondering why he even bothers. However, when he sees something come rocketing from the sky toward the hospital where Kasady is staying and realizes that he really can't just stand by and do nothing. Changing back into Spider-Man, the wall-crawler attacks Cosmic Carnage, not wanting the symbiote to merge with Kasady again, deciding that the menace of Carnage must end. When news of Spider-Man's battle is broadcast on the radio, Mary Jane faints when she hears that her husband is battling a Carnage possessed Silver Surfer.The battle continues on, the Silver Surfer tries to convince Spider-Man that letting the symbiote bond with Cletus Kasady again is the right thing to do. Realizing that if Kasady dies, the symbiote could permanently bond to the Silver Sufer, the wall-crawler realizes that the lesser of two evils is the best solution in this case and helps the Surfer get past security. When the symbiote bonds with Kasady, Carnage is ready to start slaughtering people all over again. However, the Silver Surfer refuses to allow any more deaths to happen because of this and uses the Power Cosmic to imprison Carnage in an unbreakable shell of ethereal energy. While at the Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson pays a visit to J. Jonah Jameson to tell him that he is leaving the Bugle.Spiderhunt continues from Sensational Spider-Man #25...A bounty on Spider-Man's head has drawn out a gang of hunters to come to New York in an effort to capture the masked vigilante. They find the wall-crawler as he is searching for Normie Osborn, who has just been recently kidnapped by the Green Goblin. When they try to shoot the web-slinger, Spider-Man traps them in a net of webbing and quickly disarms them before someone gets hurt. Meanwhile, at a Staten Island Mansion, Don Fortunado meets with the Rose to discuss the situation with Spider-Man, as it has brought out the police in force and it is starting to affect business. This is old news to the Rose, who actually wanted to discuss how the Black Tarantula has been muscling in on their business in Manhattan. Suddenly, the guards outside begin screaming as something attacks them. Moments later, the  Black Tarantula tosses these men through the patio door in order to make his entrance. Since the Black Tarantula has come to ask permission to be allowed to conduct business in Manhattan, Don Fortunato decides to hear him out despite the Rose's reservations. By this time, Spider-Man has arrived at the penthouse apartment of Norman Osborn. He listens in on a conversation between Norman and his daughter-in-law, Liz, who is upset that Norman was not able to prevent his grandson from being kidnapped. This is all part of a scheme to convince people that Norman Osborn was never the Green Goblin. Hearing this leaves Spider-Man to wonder who the new Goblin is, it briefly makes him wonder if it is his late friend, Harry Osborn. Back on Long Island, Don Fortunato has a sit-down meeting with the Black Tarantula. The mobster decides to allow the South American a chance to set-up operations in the city, but under one condition, that the Black Tarantula eliminate Spider-Man first.By this time, Peter Parker has arrived at the Daily Bugle and discovers that Joe Robertson has quit his position as Editor-in-Chief. As Joe packs up his desk, Peter tries to convince him not to go, but Joe tells him that after Osborn took over the paper it's not the same place anymore and he has decided to leave and focus on his family. Peter finally understands and tells Joe that he will miss him. So will Joe, and after hugging Peter, he warns Parker to look out for himself as he has noticed that Norman Osborn doesn't like him much. With his office packed up, Joe makes his way through the bullpen saying goodbye to the staff as he goes. Watching from around a corner is J. Jonah Jameson who realizes that Joe was serious about leaving. For a moment, Jonah considers going out to wish Robertson luck but walks away without a word instead. Going up to the roof, Peter changes into Spider-Man again. He thinks about how he could stop whatever Norman Osborn is planning, rescuing Normie Osborn, as well as learning the identity of the new Goblin when his spider-sense begins going off. Quickly putting on his mask the wall-crawler narrowly avoids being struck by a chimney thrown at him by the Black Tarantula. Although Spider-Man has no idea why the Black Tarantula is after him now, the web-slinger is forced on the defensive due to his opponents' superior strength, speed, and ability to project energy blasts from his eyes. Realizing that he may be in over his head, Spider-Man begins to wonder if his wife, Mary Jane, was right about him hanging up the webs. At that very moment, Mary Jane is out with her friends, Jill Stacy and Shantal Wilsk, are out clubbing in order to get her mind off her concerns over Peter's safety. Although Shantal presses Mary Jane for information about her marital problems, she can only give vague answers in order to avoid exposing his double-identity. While in a junkyard in Brooklyn, Normie Osborn is not the least bit afraid that he has been kidnapped by the Green Goblin. In fact, the boy is certain that his kidnapped is none other than his father, someone everyone said was dead. When Normie asks for confirmation, the Goblin only silently gazes at the boy.Back at the scene of the battle, Spider-Man tries to convince the Black Tarantula to bother another super-hero, telling him that he is searching for a missing child. This intrigues the Black Tarantula who wants to know more. The wall-crawler explains that he is looking to rescue Normie Osborn and return him to his family, even though the boy's grandfather is one of his old foes. While the Black Tarantula is impressed with the web-slingers sense of honor, he continues to attack Spider-Man, as he still has to follow through on his promise to Don Fortunato. After beating Spider-Man into submission, the Black Tarantula informs him that he is no longer welcome in the city and is only sparing his life for the sake of the child he wishes to save. Ripping apart Spider-Man's mask, the Black Tarantula tells the hero to rescue the Osborn child and then leave the city or he will come back and eliminate him. As Spider-Man recovers from the attack, he tries to make sense of the situation. That's when people begin noticing that Spider-Man is in an alley and a mob begins to form. With his mask in tatters, the web-slinger is forced to flee before someone gets a good look of his face, for fear of someone recognizing who he really is. As he scales up the side of a building, Spider-Man dodges shots that are fired at him. Looking over his shoulder he sees that the bounty-hunter known as Shotgun is now on his trail.... Spiderhunt continues in Spider-Man #89The Identity Crisis Prologue continues from Spider-Man #90...After being his last encounter with the Hulk, Mister Hide has returned to New York City. Breaking into a clothing store, Hyde reverts back to his civilian identity of Calvin Zabo. He then steals a number of outfits and escapes before the authorities arrive. With some new clothes, Zabo intends to reevaluate things as well as attempt to collect from the so-called New World Order for his going up against the Hulk. Meanwhile, Peter Parker, his wife Mary Jane, and Shantal Wilsk pay a visit to Jill Stacy in the hospital. Although they are all making jokes, Peter still feels bad that Jill was shot while in their home. This is just one of the many concerns that Peter has, including his alter-ego being wanted for murder, his recent battle with the Black Tarantula, and an injured ankle. Suddenly, Peter's spider-sense begins going off as Marina Caches -- Mary Jane's criminology professor -- and her boyfriend Dante Rigoletto enter the room, and wonders why they would do that. The last name sounds familiar, but Peter can't quite place it. However, when Peter tries to strike up a conversation, Rigoletto doesn't know who Peter is. The information gathering is cut short when Mary Jane reminds Peter that they have to get ready for a party. As they leave, Peter and Mary Jane wonder what Marina sees in Dante. Mary Jane soon changes the subject, reminding Peter that she doesn't want him going into action as Spider-Man not only because of his injured ankle but also because of the bounty on his head. As they leave, they are unaware that Chesbro, the Black Tarantula's assistant, is watching them as they go.Meanwhile, Joe Robertson fusses as his wife tries to put a tie on him for the goodbye party being thrown in Joe's honor after he resigned from his position at the Daily Bugle. Later, Peter and Mary Jane arrive at the Hotel Roosevelt for Joe's going away party where they are greeted by Billy Walters. As they are talking, Peter's spider-sense goes off warning him of a man checking at the front desk. When the man introduces himself as Calvin Zabo, Peter once more finds himself hearing a familiar name that he cannot quite place. When Peter tries to slip away to investigate, he is stopped by Mary Jane who reminds him that they are here to celebrate Joe Robertson. Pulled back into the party where he is happy to see Phil Urich and Meredith Campbell. When they spot Joe and Martha talking to Ben Urich and his wife Doris, the Parkers note that they are having a heated discussion about Joe's departure and figure they should hold off on talking to him. Things become tense when J. Jonah Jameson and his wife approach Joe to give their fond wishes. Jameson tells Joe that Norman Osborn won't be attending due to a prior obligation and tries to hand Robertson a check. There is a tense moment between the two that Martha smooths over by taking the check and thanking Jonah for the money, saying that they could use the money to go on a second honeymoon. The women find this romantic and Martha tells them that they are planning on going to the Aegean Sea in Greece.Peter has stepped aside from this awkward scene to talk to Ben Urich. Urich sets Peter right on why Joe is quitting the Bugle, pointing out that it is not a stable workplace anymore. Peter decides to ask Phil if he knows anyone named Calvin Zabo, and Urich tells him that is the civilian name for the villain known as Mister Hyde. This confirms to Peter that he needs to do something about this, but he left his Spider-Man costume at home. Not willing to call the authorities for fear a police officer might get hurt, Peter steals Phil Urich's hooded sweatshirt from the coat check in order to conceal his identity. Going up to the rooftop, the sweatshirt reminds Peter of the one worn by his clone Ben Reilly, making him once again mourn the loss of the man he grew to consider a brother. Using the hood to conceal his face, Peter takes off his shoes and starts scaling down the side of the building to look for Zalbo, taking care not to put too much weight on his injured ankle. In his hotel room, Calvin tries to call his contacts with the New World Order and discovers that their phone number has been disconnected and wonders what he should do next. Thinking he saw someone looking in through his window, Calvin decides to change into Mister Hyde and narrowly avoids striking Peter with a desk when he tosses it out the window.As Mister Hyde tries to flee the scene, Peter follows after him even though he knows he should probably leave something like this to the Avengers. Leaping into the elevator with his foe, Peter is able to dodge Mister Hyde's blows in the tight space thanks to his spider-agility. The fight soon spills out into the lobby where it is witnessed by the attendees of Joe Robertson's going away party. As they fight, Mary Jane realizes that one of the combatants is her husband while Phil Urich recognizes his hooded sweatshirt and begins to wonder who is wearing it. As the attendees begin trying to get to cover, Mister Hide incorrectly thinks that his attacker is his old partner the Cobra. When Hyde tosses a piano at the Robertsons, Peter quickly knocks it out of the way with his strength. He then continues to battle Mister Hyde, but the villain is too strong. Thankfully, Peter has kept Mister Hyde distracted long enough for the authorities arrive. They pelt the madman with knock out gas and take him into custody, prompting Peter to slip away before anyone notices that he was missing during the entire fracas. With the danger over, Martha is glad that they can finally get away from this sort of madness from now on. Meanwhile, J. Jonah Jameson is complaining about how there was not a photographer present to take photos of the battle. That's when Peter tosses Jonah a roll of film, telling him that he photographed the whole thing. Later, as they walk home, Mary Jane realizes that she cannot stop Peter from doing what is right due to his sense of responsibility. When Mary Jane reminds him that there is still a bounty on Spider-Man's head, Peter suggests that he change his costumed identity. This idea gets Mary Jane to start brainstorming, intending to use her experience in the fashion industry to design him an appropriate costume.... Identity Crisis begins in Sensational Spider-Man #27.Identity Crisis continues from Sensational Spider-Man #27...NowSince the Daily Bugle has put a five-million-dollar bounty on Spider-Man's head, Peter Parker has decided that in order to continue fighting crime he has to adopt a new identity. To this end, Peter has adopted four new identities to try out. This evening he is out on patrol as Ricochet. Catching some thieves, the former wall-crawler manages to trounce them with his spider-agility and his new ricochet discs. Unaware that he is being observed, Ricochet tells them that he is only in this for his own profit. When he discovers that these thieves are trying to steal Bear Babies, a highly collectible children's toy. As he trounces the thieves, he tells them that he will leave them alone if they give him a cut of the money. However, as Ricochet planned, the battle goes on long enough to attract the police prompting him to leave. As he leaves, Ricochet thinks about how he intentionally targeted this theft because it was the Black Tarantula operation. He thinks about his recent run-in with the mobster when he was still Spider-Man and how the villain took his mask as a trophy. While the Tarantula may have had the upper hand then, he learned some important information about his enemy.EarlierPeter Parker went to the Daily Bugle to see what Ben Urich could tell him about the Black Tarantula. Urich tells him that there is not much reliable information about the criminal, including reports that date back to before World War II, something Ben finds impossible as it would make the Black Tarantula old. That's when Mary Jane arrived to remind him that they had plans to go out shopping. On their way out, they are stopped by Norman Osborn who wants Peter's opinion on the new costumed hero calling himself the Hornet, particularly his comments about Spider-Man. They are interrupted by Glory Grant, who tells them that she just got a postcard from Joe and Martha Robertson. When she tells them that they have arrived in Euboea in the Aegean Sea, Norman abruptly tells them that he has important business to do and storms off, making Peter suspicious.In Greece, the Robertsons are enjoying their second honeymoon, although Joe has reservations about his wife sending postcards to the people at the Bugle since the reason he quit was because Norman Osborn took on part ownership of the paper. Telling his wife that he is going to check on their dinner reservations, Joe actually calls a mysterious benefactor who confirms that a yacht in the area is owned by Norman Osborn. Joe thanks the caller for the information, telling them that he will investigate it later that day. Back in New York City, Mary Jane finds it hilarious that Norman Osborn was asking Peter his opinion on the Hornet since Peter has been masquerading as the new hero. However, she is not finished yet, pointing out that the problem with anyone changing their identities in the past is that they only settled for one identity, which easily got blown. She points out that since Peter is adopting multiple identities, proving that any of them will be Spider-Man is going to be difficult. She takes him to a used clothing store to look for outfits that will help their next costume. There, Mary Jane finds a leather jacket with the letter "R" stenciled on it and thinks that it will be perfect. Peter resigns to the idea but has trouble coming up with an identity that starts with "R".NowAs Ricochet finishes his recollection, he becomes aware that someone is watching him and decides to confront them. This pursuer turns out to be Delilah, who has decided to test out Ricochet's abilities and enlist him as an ally in the Rose's attempts to force the Black Tarantula's criminal operations out of the area. At that moment, aboard a yacht moored on the island of Euboea, the Brotherhood of Scrier have come to collect the thing that Norman Osborn left in her care. Although she has grown attached to her charge, Alison turns it over to the Scrier's who giver her a briefcase of money and tell her to keep the yacht as a parting gift. However, as soon as the Scrier's leave a bomb they planted on the boat goes off destroying it and seemingly killing Mongraine. Watching from the shadows nearby is the man who Joe Robertson was talking to on the phone earlier. While back in New York, Delilah continues testing Ricochet to see if he will be a suitable ally. She tells him that the Rose needs powerful allies to stop the Black Tarantula, telling her opponent that the Tarantula is immortal. While at a mansion on Long Island, Don Fortunato has called the Black Tarantula and the Rose in order to convince them to put past grudges behind them. However, the Rose is furious that the Black Tarantula has been given control of hijackings that happen in the city. In order to smooth things over, the Black Tarantula offers to pay the Rose a monthly fee to compensate for the loss to his business operations. While back at the scene of the battle, Delilah is convinced that Ricochet is powerful enough to help her, explaining how the Black Tarantula had recently broken her neck and, instead of killing her, healed her leaving her feeling incredibly violated. Realizing that Delilah is a wildcard in all of this, Ricochet wonders how he can end a potential war and make sure that nobody dies. While at Empire State University, Professor Marina Caches dismisses the students in her criminology class. She is then approached by Mary Jane and Shantal Wilsk who invite Marina to join them for lunch. Unfortunately, she has to decline, telling the women that she has to pick up her previously unmentioned son from daycare. As the women depart, they are unaware that they are being observed by the Black Tarantula's minion Chesbro. While in Greece, Joe and Martha Robertson arrive at the pier moments after the explosion. Seeing the flaming yacht, Joe suspects that someone must have been tipped off from his investigation. That's when someone on the beach finds the body of Alison Mongraine in the water and confirms that she is still alive. While in New York, Ricochet -- after thinking for a long moment -- agrees to work with Delilah. At that moment, Chesbro returns to his master with a report of his observations on Marina. Looking at a photo of the woman with Mary Jane and Shantal, the Black Tarantula thinks these other women might be useful. As it turns out, the Black Tarantula did not come to Manhattan to get into the criminal underworld, instead, he was motivated by the desire for vengeance.... Identity Crisis continues in Sensational Spider-Man #28.Identity Crisis continues from Spider-Man #92...Wearing his Dusk costume, Peter Parker follows the villains known as Bloodscream and Roughhouse after they were released on bail. Unfortunately, he is almost spotted and has to hide. After seeing them enter a boat on the peir, Dusk departs to return home. When he tells his wife Mary Jane what happened, she is not happy that he put himself at risk for following two leg-breakers hired by the Black Tarantula. This is especially true since Peter's was so soundly defeated when he last fought the Black Tarantula. Peter assures her that he was just having an off night, but she points out the obvious -- although he has been Spider-Man for years, he has little experience for the various identities that he has recently developed in order to continue crime fighting. She is less impressed with the fact that Peter -- as Ricochet -- is going to meet with the Rose's assassin Delilah who is plotting to attack the Black Tarantula. Peter assures her that he is sharp enough to outwit his foes, however she believes otherwise when pointing out that he mixed up parts of his Spider-Man costume when putting on his Ricochet outfit.While at the Rose's penthouse, Delilah tells her employer about her recruitment of Riochet to their cause. The Rose isn't certain if they can trust this newcomer, however she assures him that Riochet will be useful, especially since he cannot be tied to the Rose. Meanwhile, Don Fortunato visits the Black Tarantula and marvels over the fact that the South American mobster stole Spider-Man's mask and now has it on display. The Black Tarantula is growing impatient with the fact that the Rose hasn't arrived yet. To pass the time, Don Fortunato decides to entertain his partner with a legend he once heard. He recalls how when Marco Polo visited China in the 13th Century, an unnamed scholar who accompanied the legendary explorer became interested learning the martial arts that were performed in this region. That this warrior soon learned their secrets and was given the key to immortality. He concludes this tale by saying that some believe that this immortal warrior was still alive to this day. Before the Tarantula can answer, the Rose finally arrives. Meanwhile, in a warehouse in on the island of Euboea, the Brotherhood of Scriers are meeting to discuss their mission to eliminate Alison Mongraine tying up a loose end of one of their schemes. Suddenly, a man cloaked in shadow comes crashing through the wall seeking to tie up some loose ends of his own. Back in New York, the Black Tarantula returns to his hideout and checks in with his assistant Chesbro. The Tarantula is amused that Don Fortunato and the Rose have no idea of his true reasons for coming to New York, or how off base Fortunato's investigation into his past has been. He then learns that Bloodscream and Roughhouse have returned from their failed mission and wait for his next orders. When Bloodstorm and Roughhouse go on the move again, they are unaware that they are being followed by Ricochet and Delilah. When they meet with Chesbro, Ricochet becomes concerned because he has seen him around the Empire State University campus and wonders if he is being spied on. He becomes more concerned when Delilah identifies Chesbro as one of the Black Tarantula's minions. The pair come crashing into the restaurant the two are meeting with Chesbro. While they are busty with Bloodscream and Roughhouse, Chesbro manages to escape in the confusion. In the ensuing battle, Ricochet drives off Roughhouse and Bloodstorm flees after bleeding out Delilah. That's when the police arrive and try to arrest Ricochet, forcing him to flee the scene. However, he knows where the Black Tarantula's minions have gone. After changing into his Dusk costume, Peter ambushes Roughhouse and Bloodstorm inside the ship they have been hiding out in. After initially attacking them as Dusk, the hero slips away and changes back into Ricochet and ambushes them again. While they are disorientated by this new attack, Ricochet ducks out and changes costumes once more, this time attacking his enemies as Prodigy. After tossing Roughhouse overboard, Prodigy then changes into the Hornet. After taking down Bloodstorm, Hornet waits for Roughhouse to emerge from the water and knocks him out with some tranquilizer darts. With the battle over, Bloodstorm offers Hornet information about the Black Tarantula in exchange for their freedom.Back in Greece, Joe Robertson has gone to the local hospital to meet with Alison Mongraine. Unfortunately, she had already checked out and hospital staff has no idea where she went. That's when paramedics come rushing in with one of the Scrier's on a stretcher. Looking at the scars on the man's face Joe instantly recognizes the burns as the Mark of Kaine. While back in Manhattan, Hornet decides to take Bloodstorm's offer. The only thing the mercenary provides is nothing but a photo of his wife, Shantal Wilsk, and Marina Caches. Looking at this leaves Hornet to believe that the Black Tarantula is either after Mary Jane or one of her friends.NowAmid the bodies of mobsters and Hydra Killdroids, the Black Tarantula tells Spider-Man to leave as this battle does not concern him. However, the wall-crawler refuses to stand down. Before they can resume their battle, another Killdroid tries to ambush them. Spider-Man then watches in utter amazement as the Black Tarantula rips open the Killdroid with his bare hands and tosses away the pilot. As he witnesses this show of strength, the web-slinger's mind thinks back to the events that led up to this moment...EarlierPeter Parker has returned home after his battle with Bloodstorm and Roughhouse and shows Mary Jane a photograph showing his wife with her friend Marina Caches and Shantal Wilsk. Fearing for Mary Jane's safety, Peter wants to get her out of town, but she refuses to leave without warning her friends. The following morning, Mary Jane pays a visit to Marina to learn why the Black Tarantula might be after her. As his wife goes into the home, Peter is watching out as Spider-Man. When he spots Chesbro -- the Black Tarantula's servant -- he tells the little man to go away as Marina is under his protection. Chesbro complies but warns Spider-Man that he will live to regret interfering. Meanwhile, inside, Mary Jane meets Marina's son Fabian. When she shows Marina the photo and asks her about her connection to the Black Tarantula, Marina realizes that she has no choice but to tell Mary Jane the truth.Marina explains that when she was attending college she met and fell in love with a man named Carlos LaMuerto who was getting an education in America as he was attached to an Argentinean diplomatic mission. The two quickly got married and a year later Marina was pregnant with Fabian. That's when she learned the truth about her husband, LaMuerto was actually the leader of a criminal organization and the Black Tarantula. She also learned that the first born child of the family would later be groomed to succeed their father as the next Black Tarantula. Not wanting her son to suffer this fate, she fled back to the United States and filed for divorce. However, now she is certain that her husband has returned to America in order to reclaim the heir to his empire. That's when the doorbell rings and -- not willing to hide -- Marina answers it. Thankfully, it is only her boyfriend Dante Rigoletto. When she tells him that her ex-husband is in the country, Dante suggests that they all seek refuge at his godfather's estate on Staten Island, assuring Marina and Mary Jane that there will be enough security there to keep them safe. Watching Mary Jane leaving with Marina and Dante frustrates Spider-Man, who wanted her to get out of harm's way and follows after them to make sure they stay safe. While at a mansion at Long Island, the Rose meets with Don Fortunato to demand he do something about the Black Tarantula. Not only is he still furious that the Tarantula was given his hijacking operations, but his minions also were responsible for putting his bodyguard -- Delilah -- in the hospital. However, Fortunato is unwilling to help since the Black Tarantula proved to be a more powerful ally by being able to take the mask of Spider-Man off the heroes face. He then reminds the Rose that it was he who gave him his identity and position in the criminal underworld. He then yanks off the Rose's mask, revealing him to be Jacob Conover, a reporter for the Daily Bugle. That's when Dante arrives with Marina and Mary Jane, asking his uncle for protection. Recognizing Conover, Mary Jane asks him what he is doing here, but the reporter can only say that it's a long story. Outside, Spider-Man wonders why Dante Rigoletto would bring Mary Jane and Marina to Don Fortunato's hideout. That's when he remembers where he heard the name Rigoletto before, that it was the name of an old crime boss from years back.That's when the Black Tarantula came crashing in through the gates demanding his son be turned over to him. That's when Spider-Man swings in to try and stop him, however, not only is the Black Tarantula able to contend with the Don's bodyguards, he also overpowers Spider-Man in the process. Inside, Conover asks Fortunato if his security can keep them safe. Confident in his men, Fortunato then unleashed the Hydra Killdroids, which the Black Tarantula was able to deal with. Recovering from the Tarantula's attack, Spider-Man demands to know what his foe wants. That's when the Black Tarantula reveals to Spider-Man that he has come for his son....NowAs Spider-Man and the Black Tarantula continue to battle, Marina calms her son down by assuring Fabian that his father will never harm him, no matter what. Meanwhile, Conover is becoming increasingly nervous of the attention he is getting from Mary Jane and begins trying to figure a way out of this situation. As the battle rages on, Spider-Man uses his full strength, but nothing he does phases the Black Tarantula and he begins to weaken. As the others are distracted by the battle, Conover pulls out a gun, planning on executing Don Fortunato and eliminating the witnesses. That's when Spider-Man and the Black Tarantula comes crashing through the wall. Having had enough of being terrorized, Marina scolds her ex-husband for frightening his child. Her concern for Fabio's well-being causes the Black Tarantula to pause momentarily. Jacob then takes this moment to make his move, but he is spotted and webbed up by Spider-Man. The Black Tarantula decides that the battle is over and begins to walk away, telling Spider-Man that he should be proud that he survived their encounter. To Marina, he says he will allow her to raise their son and that he will come when the time is right, as he has all the time in the world and can afford be patient.Lurking through the sewers, Spider-Man tries to make sense of his recent transformation that has turned him into a half-man/half-spider. His mind drifts back to earlier that day...ThenPeter Parker's day started with him cracking the books in order to bring up his grade point average at Empire State University. As he worked, his wife Mary Jane and her Aunt Anna marvel at how Peter can juggle his studies and his job as a freelance photographer so well. Putting his studies aside for the day, Peter tells Mary Jane that he is going to stop by the Bugle and that he will be home soon, although she doesn't believe it. Changing into Spider-Man, Peter swings through the city on what appears to be quiet night. During his patrol, he happens on a young man being mugged in Washington Square Park. After stopping the mugging, Spider-Man swings away unaware that the man he just saved was in fact Everett Thomas, aka Synch, of Generation X.  As Synch walks away, feeling terrible about how there was nothing he could have done against those ordinary muggers as his powers don't work without another mutant around to "synch" powers with. As he walks away, Everett is unaware that he is being observed by the Plantman, who wants revenge against Generation X for a previous defeat. Insulted by this defeat, and how the young mutants made fun of his costume, Plantman vows to make himself their most feared enemy ever. To this end, he uses his powers over plants to infect Synch with a body and mind altering spore. Increased in size and mass and rendered mindless, Synch begins terrorizing the park. As it happens, Spider-Man is returning the way he came and spots the man-monster and tries to stop him from hurting people. Observing this from his hideout, Plantman decides that this is not what he had in mind and commands his plants to pull Synch into the sewers.Following after Synch, Spider-Man is snared in vines and exposed to the same spores as Synch. This causes Spider-Man to change into a half-man/half-spider creature. What makes this even more horrifying for the wall-crawler is the fact that he has retained his mind and is fully aware of what has happened to him.NowNot far away, Synch's mind has returned to normal as the Plantman is trying to decide if he should destroy Synch or unleash him upon Generation X. That's when Spider-Man arrives to stop the madman and his insane schemes. Rather than fight him head on, Plantman summons his simulacrums of soil and root to do his dirty work. Although these creatures are no match for Spider-Man, his foe can simply create more in an empty wave. While his captor is preoccupied, Synch breaks free. As an unforeseen side-effect of the Plantman's spores, Spider-Man and Synch's mutual transformations allow Synch to duplicate the wall-crawler's powers. The pair quickly destroy the last of the Plantman's creatures. The web-slinger demands that their foe turn over an antidote, but when he refuses, Spider-Man sprays the villain with his own spores, transforming him into a plant creature. Rather than remain a freak, Plantman hands over a syringe of the antidote. Once Spider-Man and Synch are back to normal, Synch saves some antidote for Plantman. Synch thanks Spider-Man for saving his life twice that day. However, Spider-Man points out that Synch repaid the earlier rescue when he broke free and helped stopped the Plantman and wishes him well.While on patrol, the world around Spider-Man goes insane as Manhattan suddenly gives way for a prehistoric jungle. While trying to make sense of this, the wall-crawler saves a mother and her son from a tyrannosaurus rex and a rampaging herd of triceratops. As he tries to figure out how to get this family to safety, he spots a woman who had been observing this bizarre situation run through a doorway and figures this is a way back to reality. As he swings toward the door the prehistoric jungle begins to fade away. He finds himself inside a bank and figures that what he saw was some kind of strange temporal shift. However, things get even more bizarre as one of the bank employees realizes that they were robbed and triggers the alarm, bringing up the police. Believing the wall-crawler was somehow involved they attempt to arrest him, prompting Spider-Man to escape. He decides to head to the Daily Bugle to develop the photos that he took of this strange occurrence. As he leaves, he wonders why the dinosaurs didn't set off his spider-sense like the cops did after the fact. As he leaves, he is unaware that he is being observed by Daredevil who had come to stop the robbery. He decides against catching up with the wall-crawler and finding out what happened as he is due to report to work as Matt Murdock.Arriving at the offices of Sharpe, Nelson, and Murdock, Daredevil changes back into his civilian identity of Matt Murdock. He arrives just as Rosalind Sharpe and Foggy Nelson are sitting down with their newest client, Bert Gilmore of Gilsoft Games. Gilmore tells them that the reason his video game company has been so successful is that he makes sure that all his developers are doing their jobs as work-for-hire and makes sure that Gilsoft legally owns all of its intellectual property. Although Roslinde is eager to do whatever the client wishes, Matt insists that any papers they draw up will also advise Gilmore's employees of their right to legal counsel before the sign away their rights.While at the Daily Bugle, publisher J. Jonah Jameson is furious that nobody has anything on the alleged dinosaur appearance downtown. That's when Peter arrives and tells Jonah that he got photos of the whole thing. However, when he develops his photos they only show panicked people and none of the dinosaurs people saw. Thinking that Peter did a terrible job, Jonah scolds him for sub-par work. Confused by the whole thing, Peter rushes out before Jonah finishes his latest rant. While at the Gilsoft offices, Matt Murdock tells the employees about the work-for-hire contacts that Bert wants them to sign. Everyone is upset except for one employee, whom Gilmore identifies as Angela Bradford, who Matt detects is not displaying any emotion at all. Asking about her, Matt learns that she is a simple office worker. Still, Matt finds her attitude suspicious and decides to follow her out of the office, leaving Foggy to deal with legal matters. Bradford is not surprised that her employer has ignored her as he runs his office like a boy's club, ignoring the female employees. However, she intends to show him her value as she had spent her time developing a portable virtual reality projector. Putting on her special projection goggles, Angela intends to prove her genius once again, hoping that Spider-Man doesn't interfere again. As she puts on the goggles, Angela transforms into her alter-ego, Synario, spotting Daredevil watching her from the rooftops as she does so.Not far away, Spider-Man is returning to the scene of the earlier chaos and is shocked to see what appears to be a live volcano nearby. He then spots Daredevil leaping at Synario, wondering how he can ignore the more immediate danger nearby. Spotting Spider-Man, Synario uses her projector to make her look like a damsel in distress being attacked by a giant robot. Fooled by this illusion, Spider-Man leaps in and tries to stop the robot, unaware that it is really Daredevil. Unable to see Synario's illusions, Daredevil is confused as Spider-Man calls him a robot and swings away with the woman. Daredevil tries to convince Spider-Man that he is being deceived, but the wall-crawler won't listen. By this point, Bert Gilmore arrives on the scene trying to find Angela and Matt Murdock. Witnessing the battle, he spots Angela standing on the sidelines with what he thinks is a strange game controller and sees this as another means of making money. Meanwhile, Daredevil convinces Spider-Man to trust his instincts and realize that there is no danger. Noticing that his spider-sense isn't going off, the web-slinger decides to take a chance and this shatters the illusion.Just as Spider-Man and Daredevil make peace, Gilmore steals Angela's projector, claiming that it is his since she used his company's equipment to develop it. When Spider-Man and Daredevil rush after them, Bert uses the device to create a new illusion that makes the two heroes appear to be surrounded by an army of monsters. While this distracts Spider-Man, Daredevil is not so easily fooled and uses his billy-club to trip up Gilbert as he tries to flee. With the illusion shattered, Spider-Man catches the projector with his webbing and as he tries to figure out what to do with it, both Angela and Bert argue over its ownership. Deciding to follow his gut, Spider-Man smashes the device instead. That's when the police arrive and as they are arresting the pair, Bert Gilmore vows to sue Spider-Man. As the wall-crawler swings away, Daredevil is amused by the statement, telling Gilmore to watch out as he knows that Spider-Man has access to a good lawyer.1000 Years in the FutureA pair of archeologists named Lana and Zack are digging through the ruins of old Manhattan when they come across what appears to be one of the web-shooters used by the legendary hero known as Spider-Man. Zack believes this discovery is a great one since Spider-Man is well regarded as one of the most important players during the so-called "Age of Heroes". They decide to go back to their lab to examine the web-shooter further. Noticing a brown stain on the side of the device, Lana hopes that it is a sample of Spider-Man's blood. At the lab, they wonder if this web-shooter was present during Spider-Man's final battle, the truth of which has been lost to history and hotly debated by scholars to this day. Placing the device in a Synthemax machine they scan it and confirm that the web-shooter is genuine. Lara is excited as, other than the Kirby and Ditko museums, they are in possession of one of the few artifacts to survive the Age of Heroes. Zack thinks of the sense of history, although there had been many successors to the role of Spider-Man over the last 1000 years, this device was worn by the original who saved the world countless times. With a sense of wonder, Zack looks out a window and wonders what a man of such courage and vision was like in real life...The Present:Peter Parker is looking out the window and brooding over his lot in life. Noticing this, his wife Mary Jane asks Peter what's the matter. Peter tells her that he is thinking about how his old enemies keep coming back from the dead and his new ones get deadlier all the time and wonders why he still bothers being Spider-Man. Seeing that her husband is in a dour mood suggests that he take the day off and leave the heroics to others like the Avengers and the Fantastic Four so she can cheer him up. However, this idea quickly gets quashed when Peter accidentally turns on the television by sitting on the remote and sees a news report about a young girl named Londa Greico who got trapped in the sewers that are rapidly flooding due to the torrential rain hitting the city. After a moment of consideration, Mary Jane agrees to let Peter go out as Spider-Man and save the young girl, knowing that he'll succeed.The FutureZack and Lara are recounting the history of Spider-Man, going through their historical records which suggest that the web-slinger was often called upon to assist other heroes such as the Avengers and the Fantastic Four. Zack figures that due to his constant heroics, Spider-Man must have been hailed as a hero by the public, figuring that there must have also been a museum that celebrated the hero.The PresentWhen Spider-Man arrives on the scene where search crews are trying to find a trace of the missing girl, an officer on the scene tells Spider-Man to get lost, even though he wants to help. Although Spider-Man swings away, he refuses to do nothing and is merely getting out of sight before climbing down a nearby manhole cover to conduct his own search. The FutureLara has just finished her examination of the stain on the web-shooters and confirms that it is the blood of an enhanced super-human. Although they cannot conclusively confirm if it is Spider-Man's blood, it does lend credibility to her theory that it may have been at the site of Spider-Man's last battle. However, Zack isn't convinced, reminding her of some theories that believe that Spider-Man had a secret underground headquarters where he stored all his crimefighting equipment. However, Laura doesn't buy this, as there is no evidence that this so-called "Spider-Cave" ever existed let alone other stories of the so-called Spider-Cycle and Spider-Copter.The PresentSpider-Man crawls through the sewers as the waters begin to rise and fears that he might not make it to the trapped girl on time. However, he refuses to give up until he finds her.The FutureZack and Lara have since begun talking about Spider-Man's wife Mary Jane. When Zack pulls up an image of her from her modeling days, Lara is taken away by how beautiful she is. When she asks what happened to Mary Jane, Zack tells her that once again, historians disagree. Some believe they were divorced, others think she may have been killed by one of Spider-Man's foes. However, Zack likes to the possibility that the couple ended up living happily ever after. He remarks how some scholars believe that Mary Jane was the "first lady" of the Heroic Age. Lara points out that others would dispute this suggesting that either Susan Richard or Janet van Dyne would more accordingly fit that description. Regardless, Lara figures that given Spider-Man's reputation in the super-hero community that Mary Jane must have hosted a lot of colorful parties. One thing is for certain, she figures that Mary Jane was probably the envy of all her friends.The PresentLara would be wrong, as Mary Jane waits at home looking out the window all by herself. Worrying over her husband's safety, Mary Jane sheds a single tear. While in the city sewers, things are becoming more dangerous as the constant rain is compromising the structural integrity of the tunnel. Thankfully, he finds Linda Grieco but when he tries to swing to her aid a part of the tunnel collapses on his arm. This cuts him and wrecks one of his web-shooters. Quickly, the web-slinger tosses the web-shooter into the water and binds his wound with webbing. Even with one free hand, he assures the young girl that he can save her. Asking her to trust him, Spider-Man wraps her up in an air-tight cocoon that he can strap onto his back. He then dives into the water and uses his powerful legs to spring-board himself up to the manhole cover above. Once on the surface, Spider-Man tells the rescue crews that he found the girl. However, instead of the hero's welcome, the police officers accused him of kidnapping the girl and keeping her prisoner. As they try to swarm Spider-Man and pull his mask off, the web-slinger wonders why he bothers and swings away.The FutureThe examination of the blood sample is completed and it is confirmed to be Spider-Man's blood. This gives Zach an idea and he asks if the sample can be replicated. When Lara asks what he is thinking he tells her that since there hasn't been a Spider-Man for a few hundred years and he could be the Spider-Man for a new millennium. Telling her that no matter what happens the world needs heroes as well as those that believe in them.The PresentAs Spider-Man escapes the angry mob that thinks he had something to do with the little girl being lost, little Linda Greico watches as her savior flees for his life.This story continues from Sensational Spider-Man #32...Spider-Man arrived in the city after hearing reports that the Molten Man is going on a rampge. This surprises the wall-crawlers as he believed that his old foe had gone straight.  When he first encounters Molten Man, Spider-Man discovers that Raxton is in some kind of trance, walking directly in a straight line smashing through anything that stands in his way. Molten Man walks through a wall and activates the building's sprinkler system.  As the water hits him, it turns in to scalding hot steam, forcing Spider-Man to clear out the building instead of continuing his pursuit. Once the civilians are safe, Spider-Man returns only to find that the Molten Man has somehow vanished.  Meanwhile, Norman Osborn pays a visit to Morris Maxwell, the owner of a pawnshop, another owner of one of the shards of an artifact called the Rites of the Five. Morris is well aware that Osborn is looking to gather the pieces once more as his own fragment has been "speaking" to him. Maxwell warns Osborn that of all the power offered by a Gathering of Five there is a risk of insanity or death. despite this, Osborn intends to complete the ceremony seeking to gain untold power.Meanwhile, Spider-Man has backtracked to figure out what happened to the Molten Man, discovering that he has escaped by melting through the floor of the building and escaping into the sewers. He begins following the steam generated by the heat of Molten Man's body reacting with the sewage water. However, as he gets closer, the wall-crawler quickly discovers that the heat is too intense to continue and is forced to flee the sewers. Changing tactics, Spider-Man returns to the surface and uses a map to try and figure out where Raxton was going and pinpoints that he is heading to the pair.There, Joe Robertson and Alison Mongraine have just arrived after fleeing from France. As they try to make their getaway, the Molten Man comes crashing out of the ground to try and stop them. Seeing that Raxton is after Alison, Joe tries to stop him with a crowbar, but the weapons has no effect and he is swatted aside. Before Joe can be harmed, Spider-Man arrives and intervenes. To protect himself from the Molten Man's extreme heat by webbing up his hands. As the two battle it out, the warehouse they are fighting in begins to catch fire. Although Robertson insists they stay and find a way to help the wall-crawler, Mongraine insists that they get out of there so they can find Peter Parker. With no other choice, Joe is forced to leave Spider-Man to fend for himself. By this point, the flames caused by the Molten Mad compromise the wooden floors of the warehouse sending them both falling into the water below. Driven back by boiling steam, Spider-Man once again loses all trace of the Molten Man when he is sucked into the propellers of a passing boat. Although he isn't sure if the Molten Man survived or not, Spider-Man is certain he knows who his employer was. Observing this battle is one of the members of the Brotherhood of Scriers who reports the Molten Man's failure to his master, Norman Osborn. Norman tells his minion to confirm if the Molten Man is dead or alive and get back to him. He then continues his conversation with Morris Maxwell about the Gathering of Five. Maxwell once again warns Norman that the power offered by the gathering is not always what it seems. Still, even at the risk of madness or death, he wants to continue gathering the fragments needed for the ceremony, knowing that others needed for the ceremony will also be willing to take those risks as well.
... The Gathering of Five continues in Spider-Man #96.This story continues from Sensational Spider-Man #33...It is late in the evening at the offices of Osborn Industries. The only people present are the five individuals that Norman Osborn he gathered to take place in the ceremony called the Gathering of Five. The others gathered are Madame Webb, Mattie Franklin, Greg Herd, and Morris Maxwell. Before they begin, Maxwell warns those gathered one more time that while three of them will gain either power, immortality, and knowledge, the other two will receive either madness or death. He also warns them that these powers are not necessarily what they are hoping them to be. That's when Madam Webb speaks up for all of them and insists that they stop wasting time and get the ceremony started. However, Morris wants to be sure that young Mattie Franklin wants to take part in the ceremony in the place of her late father. However, she insists that she is ready for what is to come because it will give her the means of getting out from under her father's thumb.Meanwhile, Joe Robertson and Alison Mongraine have arrived outside the Parker's house after escaping from the clutches of the Molten Man. As they approach the house they suddenly notice steam coming out from a nearby storm drain. That's when the Molten Man comes tearing out of the ground. Not far away is Spider-Man who is finally heading home after a long night of being out on patrol. Back at home, Peter's wife Mary Jane is on the phone with her friend Jill Stacy when she hears the commotion outside. Looking out the window, Mary Jane is horrified to see what's going on. Outside, Joe Robertson picks up Alison who has been injured. When Robertson tries to talk sense into the Molten Man, Mark Raxton's personality begins breaking through. He struggles to explain how he was kidnapped by Norman Osborn who implanted something in his mind to make Mark his slave. He then boosted Raxton's powers to an even greater degree and ordered him to track down and kill Alison Mongraine before she could tell what she knew about the Parkers.Hearing this Joe wonders how the Molten Man has been able to follow Alison, that's when she remembers that she is wearing a necklace that Osborn gave her a long time ago. Realizing that this must have a tracking device, Joe throws it down the street, prompting the Molten Man to chase after it. When Raxton smashes the necklace he is freed from the impulses controlling his moves. However, Alison has been mortally wounded and doesn't have much time left. By this time, Mary Jane has come outside to offer help. Recognizing her as Peter Parker's wife, Alison whispers something in Mary Jane's ear before she dies. When Joe asks her what it was, Mary Jane tells him that Alison Mongraine has claimed that her baby, May, is still alive. Back at Osborn Industries, Norman Osborn catches Mattie Franklin reading a magazine about Spider-Man and demands to know what she is doing. Mattie explains that she thinks Spider-Man is cool, something older people wouldn't understand. Osborn considers this nonsense and tells Mattie to come with him as the ceremony is about to begin. Soon Norman and his four conspirators prepare the ceremony. Following the instructions of Morris Maxwell, they begin making the incantations, causing each shard of the artifact to begin emitting a strange fog. They then put all the pieces together. Madam Webb is the first to put her piece down and it appears that she is struck down dead. When Mattie adds hers she feels a strange tingling in her body and nothing more. This is followed by Greg Herd who feels power surging through his body. Although he thinks he received power, Maxwell believes that Herd actually received immortality. When Maxwell adds his he begins to scream in pain as his mind is flooded with thoughts causing him to collapse on the ground. Assuming that Maxwell got insanity, Osborn claims his gift, thinking he received the gift of power. Believing that tonight will be the culmination of all his schemes, Norman pulls out his Green Goblin costume to claim everything he deserves.Back in Queens, the police have come and gone and taken Alison and Raxton away. After all the insanity, Mary Jane tells Joe Robertson to go home to his family. That's when Spider-Man finally returns home. Taking her husband inside, Mary Jane tells Peter everything and how their child is being kept at a nearby lodge. Peter is about ready to rush out the door to rescue May when Mary Jane stops him. She tells him that this has to be another trap that Norman Osborn has been working on since their baby died. Peter tries to convince her that this is a failed scheme, just like all of Norman's others, given that Alison Mongraine managed to reach them and tell them the truth. Mary Jane insists that their baby is dead as she felt the child die while giving birth. However, the web-slinger refuses to believe this and swings off even though his wife is convinced that Norman Osborn is manipulating Peter's emotions all over again.... The Final Chapter continues in Spider-Man #97.Aunt May has found out Peter's secret... He's Spider-man. But, Peter is unaware that she knows. As Peter helps out his students who are having life problems, May is trying to deal with the thing she just learned, and how to confront Peter about the subject. Aunt May calls Peter, telling him "We need to talk, Peter. Right now." Continued...Lost in time, Peter is faced with a tough decision. He watches as his future self, surrounded by armed men and women telling him not to move. He also watches his younger self the day that he was transformed forever into Spider-Man, and wonders if he should help the future or the past versions of himself. The future version is confronted by William Lamont, who tries to convince the future version of himself not to fight back and to let himself be taken. The future Spider-Man disagrees, saying that he has to do this. William Lamont walks away, and future Spider-Man looks back at the grave behind him, that of his beloved Aunt May, saying how things will be better for Mary-Jane and for their son, Ben. He puts up a valiant effort, tearing a hole in the line of the people before finally being shot down. Peter then watches his younger self as the spider descends on him, wondering if he should change the incident by shooting the spider off with his webs. Unable to do it, both the current and past Peter Parker scream in agony. The past version fading, the current version of Peter is confronted by Doctor Strange, who had just found Peter. Doctor Strange tells him that he must follow his voice to return to the present. Dazed by the impact of Strange's spell, he wakes up to see the Sandman, as he was when they first fought back at the beginning of his career. Quipping about the fact that he is as stupid back when they first met, Spider-Man easily leaps over him and heads to the vacuum cleaner, how he originally defeated the Sandman. As he is on the verge of victory, everything goes white with Doctor Strange's voice telling him to follow it. He reappears, this time fighting the Vulture, again in the same way they first fought. Being thrown into a water tank, he comes up for air, once again hearing Doctor Strange and experiencing a change of scenery. This time he hears a hissing noise from behind, which is revealed to be the Lizard. Fighting with him while talking about how they will meet in about thirty minutes, he once again is transported to another time.This time he is facing Electro, wearing the rubber gloves he wore to defeat him. He fights his way through him, knocking him out with a punch. He awakens to the seen of Betty Brant, his old girlfriend looming over the dead body of her brother, and as he tries to comfort her, she slaps him and he tries to explain, before being spirited away.He then sees Mysterio using his illusions. Standing there for a moment, he triest to rest, before being taken to fight the Hulk, who wants to smash him. During the fight with the Hulk, he is buried under rubble, before being taken away once more. Trapped and having the only thing that can save Aunt May's life, he lifts up the rubble and moves on.Hearing a girl's voice, he see that he is atop the bridge where Gwen Stacy died, and watches as the Green Goblin throws her off. Attempting to save her and failing once more, he stops and is sitting in darkness before Doctor Strange convinces him to move on despite the pain and agony he is feeling. And so, he moves on. He faces numerous of his most famous foes and tragic situations, before finally, after a long journey, he returns to present, where the Thing is telling him how he ran out of opponents. Realizing he is back, he returns in time to stop Reed Richards from making the mistake and giving Dormammu power, and with the help of the Fantastic Four, Avengers, and Doctor Strange, they stop the attacks. He is given a present by Doctor Strange, and returns to his house to celebrate his birthday. Following his party, he takes out Doctor Strange's present and his Uncle Ben appears, and has a conversation with him. Ben tells him that all he should be is happy, and Peter returns after their time is up to MJ in bed.May Parker sits on a park bench, talking about her feelings about her nephew, Peter Parker, and his relationship with Mary Jane Watson-Parker and the fact that he is Spider-Man. She recaps how earlier on in the day Peter set off on his patrol and later on, in the streets, she overhears two boys pretending to be Spider-Man and Otto Octavius and a stall vendor telling his friend about how he witnessed a fight between Spidey and a 'bug woman'. As she gets to a street corner, rubble falls to the ground as a result of Spidey's fight with the Shaker. The scene then cuts to the fight with Spider-Man struggling to defeat the Shaker and then remembering how he read about the mining suit the Shaker was using had been stolen. Back to the fight, and Spidey is still struggling to defeat the Shaker. It is then revealed that the two have been fighting for two hours previous ever since the Shaker had robbed a bank. Shaker then causes a cave in on the roof the two are on and they both fall in. May continues to state her feelings about how much she worries about Peter going out as Spider-Man but she does respect what he does for everyone in the city. After a moment of seeing May outsmarting an annoying customer in a phone shop and making him walk off in anger, the attention is back on Spidey's fight with Shaker as he manages to throw the villain in a swimming pool and, due to the vibrations the Shaker's suit constantly gives out, mini tidal waves constantly pound into the Shaker and make him surrender. Back to May on the park bench, and her newly bought mobile starts to ring which turns out to be Peter offering to take May out for dinner and a movie tonight with him and MJ. May accepts the invitation and turns to whoever she has been talking to saying she has to go but she will back next Saturday. It is then revealed that May has been talking to the grave stone of Richard, Mary and Ben Parker.Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson-Parker are having dinner and while MJ is discussing the idea of getting back to her modeling career, a police car chasing a speeding car zooms past the window and Peter says that he would wait for her if she had to go away for long periods off time again. Peter changes into costume and swings after it. As Spidey chases the car, Leo Zelinsky observes the chase and heads back down to his tailor shop where he prepares the suit he made for Killshot who is waiting for him. Afterwards, Leo is talking to his grandson about the fact that he knows that Killshot is preparing to assassinate someone and his grandson tires to persuade him to do something about but it appears he has failed. However, Leo's conscience gets the better of him and he walks off into the night to find Spider-Man.When he manages to find Spidey and get his attention, Leo is taken to a delicatessen to talk with Spidey about the assassination due to take place the next day. Leo comments on Spider-Man's costume and then reveals that he is in fact a tailor to the super powered community, both heroes and villains. After learning all he can about Killshot's assassination contract, Spidey heads back home and tries to picture his mask with a mouthpiece, a suggestion from Leo, but ends up picturing Venom instead and goes to bed with his mask still on. The next day, and Spidey manages to foil Killshot's assassination attempt of the District Attorney but Killshot manages to put a window cleaner in peril instead making Spider-Man save him and allowing Killshot to escape. Killshot manages to make his way to Leo's tailors and is about to shoot Leo's grandson before Leo jumps in front and takes a bullet to the shoulder. Spidey then jumps into the tailors and webs up Killshot. Afterwards, Leo gives Spider-Man a design he had been working for the hero and it turns out to be the same costume worn by the future Spider-Man as seen in Amazing Spider-Man Vol 1 500"Chasing a Dark Shadow," pt. 2 (of 2).In the aftermath of the inter-dimensional rift caused by Spider-Man and Doctor Strange's battle with Dormammu, a sorceress of limitless power is set free from years of captivity ... and sets forth on a quest through Manhattan to properly thank the one responsible for it: Spider-Man. And if that weren't bad enough, guess who's on her trail? Loki...Mary Jane gets acting tips by what appears to be Robert DeNiro.  She's auditioning for a play and lands the part.  Back at home, MJ, Peter, and Aunt May are eating.  May gets up from the table to check the mail and is stunned by what she sees.  She goes in to the kitchen and hands Peter a letter telling him he'd better have a look.  Thinking it to be a threat, he quickly takes the envelope.  He's ready for anything except for what he finds.  The letter is from Gwen Stacy.In the backyard, MJ approaches Peter to make sure he's OK.  He recounts what was going on in their lives at the time the letter was written.  Reliving Gwen's death at the hands of the Green Goblin.  Later in bed, Peter sneaks out and goes to Gwen's grave while MJ is sleeping.  He talks to the stone when he suddenly realizes that he's not alone.  Someone knows who he is as they've attacked him as Peter Parker, NOT Spider-Man.  A fight ensues in the graveyard.  Peter realizes he's at a disadvantage and makes a run for it.  He successfully escapes, but the identity of his attackers are not yet revealed.Peter is trying to figure out who attacked him at Gwen's gravesite and how they knew to attack him there (prev. issue).  MJ comes in to their room and notices that there are indentations on the back of the letter Gwen sent.  She suggests that the missing next page of the letter may have been written on a piece of paper on TOP of the first page, leaving the indentation.Later at breakfast, Peter is opening a package he received.  It contains pictures of Aunt May and MJ along with the note "We can kill them whenever we want".  Spider-Man goes to a cop he respects to help him out with analyzing the indentations on the back of Gwen's letter.  He leaves to chase down his own leads and stops to call Mary Jane.  After they talk, Peter receives a call from an anonymous source claiming to have his Aunt May hostage.  Spider-Man races to the location he's given over the phone only to find a mannequin with a bomb attached to it.  The bomb blows and Spider-Man is attacked again by the same mysterious ninja guy that attacked him at Gwen's grave.  His assailant is called Gabe.  Before Gabe can kill him however, he's stopped by his partner (now revealed to be called Sarah).  This isn't the time, she says.  Gabe allows Spider-Man to live, but threatens to destroy everything he cares about before he kills him for real.  Gabe and Sarah walk away, leaving Spider-Man to wonder what he'd done to deserve this.  Back at the police station, Spider-Man's police friend has deciphered the text on the back of the letter.  The text reveals that Gwen Stacy was pregnant when she left for Paris.  She had the babies while there on break between semester.  The babies names are Gabe and Sarah!Spider-Man is being strong for Mary Jane while Mary Jane worries about him, as per usual.  Peter is keeping secrets from her and she's upset because she wants to help him.  Spider-Man breaks in to a lab to test DNA on Gabe and Sarah to see if they're his kids with Gwen.  The DNA test says that they are his kids.  Just as he receives the results, he's confronted by Sarah.  She tells Spider-Man that Gabe is determined to kill everyone he loves before killing him.  The only way to save his loved ones is to allow her to kill him right then and there.  A machine in the lab distracts just long enough for Spider-Man to pounce.  He gains the upper hand, but Gabe blows a window right next to him.  When Spider-Man gets back on his feet both Sarah and Gabe are gone.  They've moved on to a rooftop where they discuss their motivation for attacking Spider-Man.  They feel he abandoned their mom and blame him for her death.Back at home, Mary Jane confronts Peter about the letter.  She read it while he was out and knows Peter thinks Sarah and Gabe are his kids.  He explains to her that it's impossible because he and Gwen never had sex.  She says she knows.  Even more, she knows who the real father is.This entire issue is pretty much Mary Jane explaining that she's known all along who the father of Gwen's children is.  The father of Gwen's two children, Gabe and Sarah, is Norman Osborn.  She totally banged him.  Turns out, MJ overheard Gwen and Norman talking about it.  She threatened to go public if Norman didn't help Harry when he was sick.  Peter puts it all together and comes to the conclusion that it makes perfect sense.  That's why Green Goblin targeted her when he killed her instead of May or MJ or anyone else.  Two birds with one stone, take out Gwen before she can go public about the babies AND screw with Spider-Man at the same time.Spider-Man begins to ask MJ if she knew whether or not Osborn was her first, but stops to have a mental breakdown instead.  He destroys their bedroom in a fit of rage, only stopping when MJ steps in and calms him down.  Eventually he comes to the conclusion that he can't fight Sarah and Gabe.  Instead, he has to save them.  They're aging prematurely due to Osborn's enhanced DNA and they're going to die.Spider-Man holds a press conference to send a message to Sarah and Gabe.  He tells them to meet him where their mother died.  Spider-Man waits and the twins eventually show up.  He tries to reveal to them that he's not their father, Norman Osborn is.  Gabe refuses to believe it.  Turns out Norman has been taking care of them and feeding them false information for years now.  Ironically, Gabe sees him as a father figure.  Sarah, however, does believe Spider-Man.  She tries to explain to Gabe how, at the DNA testing lab (prev. issue), Spider-Man didn't test his own DNA.  He only tested Gwen's to make sure they were HER children.  She argues that Spider-Man would only do that if it were impossible that they were his kids.  She concluded that that could only mean Peter and Gwen never had sex.Gabe refuses to accept the truth and pounces on Spider-Man.  Spider-Man is careful not to hurt him, but he gets beat up pretty bad.  Gabe has Spider-Man pinned down when a police man's bullet narrowly misses Spider-Man's head.  The police open fire, hitting Sarah in the stomach.  She falls off the bridge they're standing on in a very familiar fashion (she looks exactly like Gwen Stacy).  Spider-Man is determined not to lose her again and successfully saves her.  He manages to get her to a hospital.  Meanwhile, Gabe has escaped to the sewers where he finds Norman's secret lair.  In the lair he finds his and hers Goblin costumes.  Norman obviously meant for them to follow in his footsteps and Gabe now knows the truth.Spider-Man and Mary Jane are in the hospital with Sarah.  The doctor comes out and says there's nothing they can do, so Spider-Man insists on a blood transfusion.  The doctor objects at first, but figures that the transfusion can't make the situation any worse and eventually agrees.  Sarah makes a complete recovery with the help of Spider-Man's special blood.  Meanwhile, Gabe is in Osborn's safe house watching a recorded message that Norman left for him and his sister.  Norman is encouraging Gabe to inject himself with the Goblin Formula, which he does.  Gabe becomes stronger and faster, dons a Goblin costume and flies to the hospital.Spider-Man wakes up in a recovery room with Mary Jane at his side.  She tells him that they think she's a super hero groupie and no one is any the wiser that she's really his wife.  She also reveals that the news has put out a bounty of 5 million dollars for a picture of Spider-Man with his mask off.  When Spider-Man finds out that his location is public knowledge, he panics.  Turns out his panic is for good reason as Gabe has seen the report too.  Gabe, now dressed as a Goblin, attacks Spider-Man in the hospital.  He crashes through the window and takes Spider-Man out.  Spider-Man manages to escape his grasp mid-air and crashes on to a roof where Sarah is waiting with a gun.  She points it at Gabe and tells him to back off.  Gabe, feeling betrayed, fires on her from his glider.  She shoots back, hits his glider, and causes an explosion that takes him out of the fight.  Sarah then disappears down a hallway, Spider-Man being too injured to stop her.  Gabe wakes up on the shore with no memory of who he is or how he got there.Peter Parker is late for his class.  His boss yells at him and tells him that he's on the hook for covering a couple of classes for a colleague.  While teaching a Remedial Citizenship class, Peter notices an old acquaintance waiting for him outside.  After the class he goes out and meets with Charles Weiderman.  Charles reveals that he's working on a project that he intends to sell to the military.  It's basically an invulnerable skin that soldiers could get sprayed down with before going in to battle.  He asks Peter to help him check some numbers and Peter obliges.Later, Charles is in a meeting with Tony Stark to get some funding.  Tony sees that Peter is attached to the project.  When he asks Charles about it, he lies and tells Tony that Peter is a partner.  Stark, knowing that Peter is Spider-Man and assuming Charles is telling him the truth, gives him the funding.After Charles gets the funding, he goes radio silent.  Peter hasn't heard from him at all, and apparently neither have Stark Industries.  Peter receives a phone call asking for an update on the project.  That's how he finds out that Charles lied about how involved he would be in the project.Peter confronts Charles about it in his lab.  He sees that Charles has been doing dangerous work and that he isn't taking the due precautions.  Peter tells Charles to tell Stark Industries the truth, or he would before storming out.  The lab explodes shortly after and Charles is next seen knocked out, covered in his invulnerable skin experiment.Weiderman kills some firefighters.

Charlie blames Peter for the lab accident that permanently grafted his experimental armor to his skin.  He tells Peter that if he doesn't help him get the remaining money from Tony Stark's grant, he'll kill Peter and his loved ones.  Charlie says he's going to go back to his apartment, get his checkbook, and write a check payable to Peter for all of the money he's got left from Stark.  Peter will then go in to a bank, cash the check, and then give the money back to Charlie.While gathering his things in his apartment, Charlie sees his old high school bully and his wife (Charlie's high school crush) on TV talking about him.  Word of his accident has gotten out and the press are interviewing people who knew him.  The bully acts like he was always sympathetic towards Charlie and even tried to help him fit in with the popular crowd.  This lie prompts a flashback where we see this bully trick him in to talking to the cheerleaders so that he can knock him down, take his pants, and embarrass him in front of the girls.  Enraged, Charlie goes to the bully's house and murders him.  During this time, Peter goes to Mary Jane's rehearsal and tells her to grab May and check in to a hotel after she's finished.  He anticipates things with Charlie not going well.Later, Spider-Man is waiting in ambush at the spot where Charlie and Peter are supposed to meet.  Spider-Man attacks, but accidentally reveals that he knows Charlie's name.  This leads Charlie to assume that Peter told Spider-Man to ambush him.  Thinking Peter betrayed him, Charlie escapes to make good on his promise to murder Peter's loved ones.  The issue ends with Charlie breaking in to Aunt May's house.Charie Burns down Peter's apartment and Aunt May's house.


After years of research, Hydra has created four warriors that mimic the abilities of Thor, Captain America, Iron Man, and Hawkeye. The Avengers are forced into action against the Four when they begin various robberies and heists that are endangering the public. The battle ends when the Four suddenly disengage and flee their respective encounters. Peter is concerned that these robberies were merely a diversion for something more sinister when photos of the encounter that appear in the next morning's edition of the Daily Bugle do not include Peter's battle at the docks.After being rescued by Iron Man from Hydra's plague missile, Peter Parker recuperates at the Avengers Mansion. Tony Stark quashes any rumours about his and Mary Jane's "affair", while Aunt May and Jarvis get a little closer. Peter faces up to the fact that he is not very well, but cannot tell anyone, not even his wife.May Parker, who wakes up from a strange dream and, after being yelled at by an emotional Peter, goes to the kitchen and ends up finding Tracer. Tracer tells her that he is a reserve Avenger who is there to watch over her. During their conversation, he tells May that he is a machine god; in the same way that humans created gods, machines created him. Meanwhile, Spider-Man is fighting Tracer's robot followers in the city when his powers start to fail. Morlun confronts him and tells Peter that he would rather watch Peter deteriorate than fight him. Spider-Man returns home and, finding Tracer, attacks him. However, Tracer assesses his health and refuses to fight him in his current state. Peter becomes enraged at Tracer's nonchalant attitude about his plans to kill Aunt May, and strangles Tracer to death. His skin melts away to reveal a machine body. After this, Peter tells Aunt May what is wrong with him.Spider-Man is enjoying an average day of web-swinging across the city until he reaches the Daily Bugle building and encounters Morlun, who is ready to kill him. Their fight brings them into the building itself, endangering the people inside. Knowing this, Spider-Man tries to leave, but Morlun won't allow him to and throws him into an office room. Spider-Man smashes a computer monitor on Morlun's head, giving him a chance to flee. Morlun follows behind him, so Spider-Man webs up his face and uses it to throw him to the pavement below, which isn't effective in hurting him.Hoping to keep him away from the people gathering around, Spider-Man takes Morlun to Empire State University and continues their fight there. However, he doesn't stand a chance against Morlun and he is tossed around the building until Morlun sends him through a wall and back out on the street, where he is beaten senselessly to the ground.Thinking of his family, Spider-Man finds new strength and fights back. But Morlun is unfazed and rips Spider-Man's left eye out and eats it. Then, he jumps towards Spider-Man and hits him until he is a bloody mess.Several days have passed since Peter shed his skin and Iron Man is flying around searching for him. Under the Brooklyn Bridge, Peter sleeps inside his cocoon and has a strange dream. A voice tells him he never understood what he was, accusing him of being too scared to truly be a "Spider-Man", only focusing on the human part and neglecting the spider part. Morlun managed to kill the human part of Peter, but the spider in him survived and killed Morlun, saving them both. The voice tells him that he will only be reborn if he accepts both parts, and warns him that Peter could be reborn very differently. Peter's soul agrees and is reborn, outwardly human. He goes to the Avengers Tower and swears to Mary Jane and Aunt May that he will never leave them again. Later in the night, Peter goes to the lab where his husk is and recalls the final warning of the voice: "Are you the man who dreamed of being a spider? Or the spider who dreamed of being a man? Are you the one...or are you the other?" Shaking off the warning, Peter removes the wedding ring from the husk and heads back to bed.Peter is being tested while by questioned by Tony about anything he remembers when he attacked Morlun. He answers honestly and tells him he can only recall Morlun screaming, but even then he says he felt like he was there and not there at the same time. When he finishes testing him, Tony admits to Peter that he is uncertain that he is the real Peter, but telling Tony about his memory gaps helped relieve his suspicions since a fake would try to fill in the gaps in memory and would try to duplicate his injuries, but Peter's wounds are fully healed.Peter and Tony run into Mary Jane in the hallway, who has sewn up Peter's costume. This reminds Tony to finish working on a gift for Peter. Mary Jane asks if Peter is okay, and though he claims to be fine, in the mirror, he sees the spider god from his dreams. Back on the streets, Peter realizes that Mary Jane did a poor job of fixing his costume and takes it to tailor Leo Zelinsky for repair, but while waiting for it to be fixed, the power goes out.Investigating without his shirt, he discovers that the whole area is without power. Soon, he finds a semi-collapsed apartment building that is about to come down completely. After freeing a group of people, he ventures in to find a little girl who was separated from her mother. Once inside, he discovers that he now has night vision, which reminds him of what the spider god told him, that he had powers beyond what he has used but was too afraid to discover them out of fear that they would make him more spider than man. Eventually, he finds a man and creates a web line that will lead him out. As the man leaves, Spider-Man feels a vibration in his web, similar to how a spider can feel vibrations when something gets in its web. Spider-Man uses his newly discovered power to sense the little girl scraping a rock against the wall in another room. He recovers her but now he must come up with a way to carry her and use his hands to dig their way out. Suddenly, he realizes that, if he can stick to walls with his fingertips, then he must be able to stick things to his back. Not only that, the hairs on his arms can feel a breeze and follows it outside just before the building collapses, saving the girl.Back home, Peter and Mary Jane are watching the news when she notices the distant expression on his face. He tells her about the horror he felt the night he got his powers after thinking about what would happen when a man merged with a spider the same way a fly was merged with a man in The Fly. This fear kept him from wanting to discover more of his powers and he accepted the limitations he set for himself. But now he isn't afraid of what he can do and he wants to use his new powers to help people. Mary Jane thinks that, when he was reborn, he became a new man and his mistakes and regrets can be left with his old self.As they kiss, Tony, who has been listening in from his lab, confirms to himself that he is indeed Peter and gets back to work on his gift, a new costume for him.Peter awakens next to Mary Jane, hearing a voice. He and Mary Jane see that its Tony Stark's voice coming from the eagle statue in their room. Through the speaker he tells Peter that he wants to see him in the lab. Tony reveals to Peter that he's making the final slight modifications to his new uniform, considering Peter's old one was "just cloth". Stark elaborates on some of these enhancements including mesh webbing that allows for gliding, bullet-proof &amp; heat resistant Kevlar and an emergency scanner. 

 	 	 	 		 			 		 		 		 			Tony's explanation 		 	 
The suit is now ready to go but before taking it for a spin, Peter inquires Tony as to how Mary Jane's arm was healed so quickly, seeing as it was broken yesterday. Just after it was broken the bone was reset and Tony injected a compound around the break to stop the swelling, and a secondary layer of flesh tone hid the injury (Tony states that due to his career, such a process is standard procedure).An hour later two armed criminals with a hostage attempt to escape the police. The tattooed thug says to the other (Jimmy) that once they get in the tunnel to waste the hostage as she's a witness, end of problem. Jimmy however, thinks not as he sees Spider-Man sporting his new Iron Spider Armor. The tattooed thug assures Jimmy not to worry as the way he travels is by swinging from things, and there's nothing to swing from, and that Spider-Man can't fly.Peter dives, open his arms and glides using the suit's mesh webbing, appearing as if he's flying. Spidey gets on top of the car, and using his new lenses, sees the pair's body heat through thermal vision, subsequently hearing the police on his emergency scanner repeat that there are units on 59th Street. Spidey shoots webs at the steering wheel, and directs them towards the police. The tattooed thug tries to fire at the cops but Spider-Man simply webs the gun aside.Jimmy surrenders peacefully, and Spider-Man takes the hostage out of the trunk. The tattooed thug blames Spidey for all of it, quickly takes Jimmy's gun and fires. Peter doesn't have time to get the girl clear and takes the bullet directly to his back. To the tattooed thug's surprise, Spider-Man is unharmed, and the police warn him not to agitate Spidey as he's already supposed to be dead.Later on that night Peter goes to Tony asking what his underlying motive is, and he reveals that he wants Peter to be his right hand man in the coming conflict. Peter agrees and Tony tells him to pack his bags because they're going to Washington.Peter accompanies Tony Stark to Washington to attend a closed hearing about the proposed Superhuman Registration Act. After their arrival, Peter tries on the Iron Spider Armor 2.0. Later, the hearing doesn't go well and is postponed. While leaving the Senate building, Peter and Stark are attacked by Titanium Man and Peter as Spider-Man starts to battle him.Spider-Man fights the Titanium Man after he has attacked Tony Stark in the previous issue. He also gives testimony in the Senate but is not valid unless he reveals his secret identity.Peter has revealed to the world that he is Spider-Man.Peter asks Tony about the detention area where they are keeping superheroes who have not registered. Then he finds out they are being kept in the Negative Zone. After returning from the Negative Zone, Mister Fantastic tells Peter that he had an uncle that appeared before the House Un-American Activities Committee in the 1950s.
Feeling that he has made a terrible mistake in siding with Iron Man, Peter decides to get Aunt May and Mary Jane out of Stark tower. Before he can escape himself, he confronts Iron Man.Spider-Man is attacked by Iron Man after Peter decides to go against the Superhuman Registration Act. Iron Man quickly overrides Spidey's costume, the "Iron Spider Armor." But, Peter isn't smart for nothing. Peter then overrides Stark's command. He webs Iron Man in the face and dives into the sewer. The story picks up sometime later, at the school where Peter, MJ, and Aunt May are currently residing at, Midtown High. MJ then explains to Peter that she cleared out both of their bank accounts earlier. Aunt May joins in the conversation as they begin to talk about the war. They realize that it is nobody's but everybody's fault for what is happening, not just their fault. Aunt May and MJ go to search for a place to stay, but not after MJ and Peter...well, you get the idea. Peter, while waiting for them to come back, goes outside and sort of daydreams of talking to his younger self back when he had just been bitten by the spider that granted him powers. It then speeds up to Peter paying for a room at a motel. On the way to their room, an old, raggedy man comes up and asks MJ and Aunt May for their "friend." He'll give them $200. MJ leaves, while Aunt May seems intrigued by what he means by "friend." Aunt May, inside the room, gives Peter the costume she made him for when he announced his identity. We then see Spidey announcing his mistake of registering his identity, giving his allegiance to the non-registered, and giving a description of the Negative Zone Prison, where the caught superhumans are imprisoned for life. He lastly unmasks and says he will object to anyone who believes that the Registration Act is in good conscious. Iron Man is then seen, telling his allies to bring Spider-Man in.Peter steps out of the apartment, hiding his face with glasses and a cap, and gets a copy of the Daily Bugle with the headline: "Spider-Man/Parker Challenges Registration!" Unfortunately the female guest nearby recognizes his face as the one on the front page, and calls it in to a friend. Meanwhile Captain America and the Human Torch decide the best action to take now would be to secure Parker before Stark can get a hold of him. Johnny visits Peter's old haunts, checking his sources for where he could be. Mary Jane tells Peter to look out the window, remarking that they might not be able to lay low, and he sees a message in the sky made of flame stating "Call Me" with Pete's trademark spider emblem. Meanwhile Wilson Fisk has a visitor, and by using their own code with a piece of paper Fisk confirms to his lackey that he wants Spider-Man dead. Also if Peter is not in the house at the time of the hit or killed, any bystander (MJ and Aunt May) should be hit anyway. As Captain America and Falcon make their way to Peter's location, Falcon reveals suspicions about Spider-Man setting them up, however Rogers assures him that no matter what, he could see that Peter was definitely honest about his position in the war. Peter arrives and asks Steve how he deals with going against the country, and after some profound words the trio departs, confirming to Peter how good it feels to be on the right side again. The hitman hired by Fisk arrives at the apartment, kills his driver (Fisk's lackey) and waits outside with a sniper rifle. Spidey and Captain America regroup with the other unregistered Avengers, and right when Peter tries to assure Cap that he left nothing out of the equation, Mary Jane is seen in the hitman's scope.As the sniper aims for Mary Jane, Fisk tells him to wait until Peter comes home as she is merely a secondary target. Mary Jane answers the phone when Peter calls, and notices a seriousness in his tone. Peter tells her that he loves her and that he'll see her soon, knowing a great battle is about to unfold. Spidey jumps into the fray with the other heroes and villains and thinks to himself that regardless of the consequences he won't stop as long as Captain America doesn't, noting his conviction to his beliefs in the fight. In prison the inmates and Fisk watch the warring heroes through the television. Fisk tells his hired gun that if Parker lives once the fight ends to kill him in his home, and if not then he should kill Mary Jane and Aunt May as "an act of mercy." Just after his conversation Kingpin looks at the outcome of the battle (not shown to the reader,) showing a lack of surprise. J. Jonah Jameson looks at a board of several headlines, each stating Iron Man or Captain America defeated, killed or otherwise. He picks one and says to run it.In the aftermath of the Civil War, some heroes cannot be found among the debris, including Triathlon, Coldblood and Spider-Man. Mary Jane sheds tears and worries, but May assures her that he's okay, and that he has to be okay. The sniper dozes off watching his television, and Peter enters the apartment. The sniper awakens right away and aims for him. Noticing something wrong as his Spider Sense goes off, Peter moves Mary Jane out of harms way. He finds to his horror that as the bullet missed him, it still hit Aunt May.Peter Parker races to get Aunt May to the hospital after being struck by a sniper's bullet.  After crashing a underground weapon run, Peter interrogates one of the gun runners and, after obtaining intel, obtains from a stash his cloth black suit modeled after the symbiote. He vows to make things right, no matter the cost.Aunt May is in a coma in intensive care in the hospital after being shot, while Spider-Man goes off searching for the shooter. The trail leads to a hit man named Jake Martino. When he arrives at his house, Martino has just left. Spider-Man hurries for the train station, where he finds Martino just in time. While Spidey is beating the crap out of him, Martino is shot by a second hit man. That hit man escapes, but Spider-Man manages to stick a spider-tracer on him. Spidey then hitches a ride on the ambulance that is taking Martino to a hospital. Ironically, it is the same hospital as where aunt May is. Spidey changes back into his normal clothes, and as Peter Parker, he visits his wife Mary Jane, who was already at the hospital. She tells him that aunt May is not going to make it. A bit later, the hit man Martino dies on the operating table. At the same time, Peter senses that the spider-tracer he placed on the second hit man is near, so he goes outside, and finds the guy talking on the phone. Peter shuts him up, takes over the phone, and hears Wilson Fisk, the Kingpin.The Kingpin is waiting for Spider-Man to come after him. The Kingpin dresses in his white suit and walks out of his prison cell, having paid the guards to look the other way when Spider-Man arrives. Spider-Man arrives in the end to face the Kingpin.Spider-Man versus the Kingpin.In the previous issue Spider-Man had beaten the Kingpin within an inch of his life and left him with a parting thought, "If Aunt May dies, so do you". This issue begins with Peter Parker at the hospital bedside of Aunt May. Aunt May's condition has apparently not improved with the transfusion of Peter's blood. The hospital chaplain, Bill Whitcomb, arrives and encourages Mary Jane (who is going by the alias Ms. Riley) to consider funeral preparations. Meanwhile, the police have been notified of Aunt May's condition due to the policy where all gunshot wounds are reported to the police.  As the detective inquires into the situation, the nurse informs him that there are several weird things connected to the "Reily" case, especially that in the last 48 hours traces of radiation were detected in her bloodstream.Peter and Mary Jane hustle Aunt May out of the hospital when the detective confronts them. Peter steals an ambulance and he and Mary Jane transfer Aunt May to another hospital. At the end of the issue, Peter recounts the number of felonies (nine) he has committed as Peter.With Aunt May checked into the hospital under a false name, Peter has a hard time dealing with the fact that without proper medical insurance, May will have to be put in the welfare wing of the hospital. Combined with the fact that she is not likely to survive, Peter is wracked with guilt over putting his aunt in this condition that he will not allow her to die in some welfare ward. Dr. Fine deduces Peter's true identity, and is sympathetic to Peter's plight because Spider-Man once saved an uncle of his, and he gives Peter a chance to find the money.With nowhere else to turn, Peter tries to appeal to Tony Stark, breaking into Avengers Tower to ask him for financial help. Iron Man attacks the intruder and they both break into a heated battle, Iron Man determined to bring Peter in for going against the Super-Human Registration Act. However, Peter manages to incapacitate Iron Man with a fury of webbing. With Iron Man temporarily subdued, Tony refuses to help Peter because in doing so, he would be aiding and abetting a criminal. However, Peter's parting words about May's state strike a chord with Tony, who tells Peter to leave so he could be with his aunt, but next time he will bring him down regardless.Tony decides to help out in an unexpected way: by giving Jarvis a large cash deposit. The Avengers butler (and May's lover) goes down to the hospital to insure and pay for her medical treatment. However, the Dr. Fine tells Peter that May's condition is terminal and any treatment they give her will only be to help ease her suffering. Not wishing his Aunt May to die, Peter decides to appeal to those who may have the power to save May's life. Peter kisses Mary Jane goodbye and swings off on a quest to save May's life.As Aunt May's life support fails and she begins to flat-line, Peter and Mary Jane spend one more day together. After an emotional discussion, they come to terms with the fact that more than anything else, Peter wishes his Aunt May to survive so that she can die of natural causes instead of her being a victim of one of Spider-Man's foes. They then spend their final night as husband and wife holding each other until Mephisto comes to hear their decision. They agree to allow Mephisto to save May's life in exchange for their wedding, however under a few conditions: First that history is altered so that Peter never revealed his identity during the Civil War, in order to prevent May from becoming a target of Spider-Man's enemies once again, and another condition which Mary Jane offers to Mephisto in secret.With the terms of the bargain explained, Mephisto begins to change reality, revealing to them that the greatest victory of taking their marriage is that they will never have a daughter, whom Mephisto reveals was the little girl Peter met earlier the previous night. Although it is too late for their deal to be reversed, Peter tries to attack Mephisto, but Mary Jane stops him. In their last moments she tells Peter to be a hero, her hero, and if their love has been able to endure so much, they will someday be together again. Everything goes black.Then begins a brand new day where Peter and Mary Jane were never married and his best friend Harry Osborn never died. At a party Harry introduces Peter and Flash to his girlfriend Lily Hollister and her best friend Carlie Cooper. Peter celebrates with the others, and it is revealed that Peter and Mary Jane had a relationship that recently ended. As Mary Jane leaves the party, Harry reveals that he's been in Europe this whole time and says "You know the worst thing about rehab, fellas? The parties suck." As Harry says how glad he is to be back, Peter jokingly says "Speak of the devil and he appears." Harry then proposes a toast to all present: To a Brand New Day.An illustrated summary of Spidey's reset status quo.Spider-Man tries to save some mobsters but finds out that Mister Negative used a blood virus to kill everyone with the same blood.We also find out who the mysterious Mister Negative is and the end of the Spider-Mugger.Jackpot and Spidey seem to be getting on well and have arrived at the new Goblin's hideout when some people who are believed to be S.H.I.E.L.D show up to arrest Spidey.Spider-Man and Jackpot are confronted by the Blue Shield.
After a brief fight, Spidey is caught by Jackpot with the Blue Shield ready to pull his mask off.Spider-Man manages to escape their grasp though but comes across the menace of Menace. Also we find out that Spider-Man is wanted for a serial killings.The story begins where last issue left off with Spider-Man surrounded by the New York Police Department. He goes to use his web-shooters but once again remembers that he is out of web fluid.  Out of nowhere, Jackpot turns up and rescues Spider-Man.Meanwhile in Harlem, Menace has kidnapped Mayoral hopeful Councilwoman Parfrey for as yet unrevealed reasons. Spider-Man and Jackpot almost save her, but tragedy strikes as Parfrey dies due to a hit from Menace's glider. As an epilogue, when Spider-Man goes to the residence of Jackpot's secret identity, he finds that Jackpot is denying she is Jackpot.While Mister Negative and Menace have seemed to disappear, Parfrey's death seems to make Randall Crowne a shoe-in for mayor.  However, if Lily Hollister decides to do something about it by getting her dad to run for mayor (He previously wasn't interested). A guy named Freak, with one blue eye and the one brown eye, attempts to steal a charity donation box when Spider-Man intervenes to save it, letting Freak get away.  Frustrated, Freak searches for his friend's place to lay low, and stumbles into Doctor Connors' lab. Freak thinks it's his friends' Meth lab, and begins using any needles he can find to use the "drugs" he finds.  After it makes him very sick, a big chrysalis forms around him, and a giant monster pops out. . .Freak turns into a monster and heals from being shot by Spider-Man's 2nd biggest booster/fan. Then, after he is gunned down by the police and falls into a sewer, he forms another chrysalis and he appears to evolve. His new sense of smell helps him track down Spidey. In the powerful life of Peter Parker: Lily's dad decides to run for mayor and Pete gets the lucky assignment to make her father look bad on film.  Dexter Bennet finally learns Peter Parker's name, only to find that it's actually Parkinson.  Ol' Peter is sent off to take pictures of Crowne to make him look good. So Pete takes his camera to a new feature thing, but when he gets there, Freak shows up.  Officers Vin &amp; O'Neil quickly arrive and learn that shooting Freak in the head doesn't work.  So they let Spidey take fight him instead. Crowne is down from stray gunfire. . .Spider-Man saves Randall Crowne's life while Freak catches a whiff of the "magic dragon" and jumps away to Raymond's place where he kills Raymond and Carter.  He then finds some drugs to use, until Spider-Man shows up and a fight ensues.  Freak wins by burning the place down while seemingly perishing.  Dexter Bennett uses the pictures Peter took of the scene to write a story saying: "Spider-Man tried to kill Randall Crowne, but the heroics of Armadillo-Man (Freak) saved the day."  This makes Peter realize that having J. Jonah Jameson run the Bugle wasn't the worst case after all.  So he goes to visit Jameson at the hospital to extend the hand of friendship, and J.J. accepts. Then, Spider-Man pays Doctor Curt Connors a visit and they discover some things. . .Lily Hollister and Peter's friendship seems to be developing into something more, which seems to follow the pattern that Peter seems to date girls that have previously dated Harry.Spider-Man is at the Sanctum Sanctorum, having some "fun" cereal, and Wolverine is reading the paper when he finds an article on serial killings happening in the city. Wolverine banters with Spider-Man regarding Spider-Man's implication in the killings. Doctor Strange informs Spidey that the snowstorm is supernatural and being produced by a villain. So Wolverine and Spider-Man team-up to try and find the killer.Spider-Man is attempting to save some people trapped in the van in a blizzard. On his way there, he finds his jacket has been 'donated' to goodwill. (A homeless man on the run from S.H.I.E.L.D. who calls himself Vern took it). But in return, he helps Spider-Man insulate his suit with newspapers (best use of the DB!).  Then, Wayep, a Mayan deity appears. . .Officer Vincent Gonzales is looking for a roommate, so Carlie Cooper suggests Peter Parker.  Vinny reluctantly agrees, secretly wanting to be roommates with Carlie. Professor Benjamin Rabin, the man Spider-Man saved last issue turns out to have killed one of his co-workers as a sacrifice of sorts, and is planning to kill more people in jail in an attempt to transform into "Kuhul Ajaw", the god-king. Meanwhile, ex-publisher J.Jonah Jameson attempts to breakout from the hospital, but is unsuccessful.After killing one Mayan guy (the other two killed themselves), Benjamin Rabin was given awesome powers (according to him). In order to merge completely with Wayep and become the Mayan god-king, "Kuhul Ajaw", Rabin needs to murder (or in his terminology, sacrifice) a woman. Carlie Cooper is the only woman working in the police station at the time. Meanwhile Spider-Man (Peter Parker) saves one "friend" of Rabin's from Wayep. Spider-Man tries to call the Precinct via pay phone, but no one's available to take his call. So Rabin and Spider-Man meet up at the sacrifice site and when things are looking bad, the homeless man, Vern, shows up with his reinforcements that he mentioned last issue. With their help Spidey gets the Wayep under wraps as the deranged Rabin is thwarted by the ever-flowing river of time. The Mayan god-king can only bond with a mortal during Uayep, a specific Mayan period of time, which just ended.The license plate on Dr. Curt Connors' hired limousine is ASM-006, a reference to his (and The Lizard's) first comic book appearance in Amazing Spider-Man #6.

See Also
3 Image(s) from Amazing Spider-Man Vol 1 558
1 Reprints of Amazing Spider-Man Vol 1 558A reporter is interviewing Edith Harper, the waitress Bobby Carr attacked in the last issue, in the same restaurant where it happened. Edith speaks about how badly Bobby Carr treated her. After the interview ends, Edith goes to the bathroom to speak with her mother on her cell phone. In that moment, Paper Doll, who was hiding in the restaurant using her ability to become paper thin, kills her for speaking badly about Bobby Carr.In the street, a photographer named Frankie Kollins is harassing Bobby Carr, taking pictures of him and taunting him about his "mystery girl". An enraged Bobby smashes Kollins' nose with his own camera. In that moment, Peter, who is clinging on a wall, takes pictures of Bobby attacking Kollins. Bobby's bodyguards spot Peter and try to catch him, but Peter escapes.Sean Rockwell, a talent manager, takes Bobby to his apartment. Kollins threatens Bobby, but Rockwell just gives his card to Kollins. Rockwell then takes out his cell phone and calls Dexter Bennett, who knew what was about to happen and sent two paparazzi. Bennett hired Rockwell to get close to Bobby. Bennett tells to Rockwell that he will double his payment and that nobody on his staff knew about what he did.In the Coffee Bean, J. Jonah Jameson is complaining that he received a decaf coffee. He angrily says that he wants real coffee. But Harry Osborn steps in and tells Jameson that his wife told the coffee shop not to serve Jameson anything with caffeine. In fact, it is possible that she went to all the other coffee shops within the next twenty blocks. Harry offers Jameson a cup of chai tea, courtesy of the house. Peter then comes in and tries to reason with Harry. However, Harry is angry with Peter because of his new job as a paparazzo. Peter tries to make it up by paying some of the money he owed to Harry, but Harry replies that he has been pursued by paparazzi all of his life because he is Norman Osborn's son.In the restaurant, Carlie Cooper is investigating the crime scene with Vin Gonzales and Al O'Neil. Vin invites Carlie to his apartment, saying that Peter is not going to move with him for a couple of days. Sergeant Palone asks Carlie to investigate the case, and Carlie accepts. The police take away the body of the victim and O'Neil tells Betty Brant that the body was flattened.Over at the DB!, Peter gives his pictures to Bennett, who gives Peter a basket of exotic cheeses as a reward. Peter goes to Betty and Robbie Robertson, who are reporting about the murder of Edith Harper. Peter asks why she was murdered, and Robbie replies that they made her a celebrity by putting her in the newspaper. Although Bennett's lawyers will never allow them to say it, Robbie believes that the waitress's murder was in part their fault.Later, Spider-Man is taking a coffee while watching an art exhibition in the Museum of Modern Art. Frankie Kollins is at the exhibition and he has gotten a restraining order against Bobby Carr and also filed a lawsuit against him. Kollins's restraining order has forbidden Bobby Carr to appear at the exhibiton. Spider-Man's spider-sense goes off and Paper Doll appears from a painting and tries to attack Kollins. In that moment, Spider-Man kicks her and throws her into the museum. The civilians run while Spider-Man fights Paper Doll. Kollins decides to stay and take some pictures. Paper Doll tries to attack Kollins but Spider-Man saves him and traps Paper Doll in a room by sealing it with his webs. However, Paper Doll cuts through the webs and tries to get Kollins, who fearfully promises to cancel the restraining order and retire the lawsuit. Paper Doll stops her attack, Spider-Man thinks she has escaped, but she has actually hidden in the air ducts.Kollins gives an interview to Sandy Stone and tells her about his encounter with Paper Doll and Spider-Man. Kollins calls Spider-Man the Spider-Tracer Killer, to Spider-Man's dismay. Spider-Man swings away, thinking about a way to defeat Paper Doll. He thinks of someone who might know the answer, Carlie.Later, Peter goes to Carlie's lab and asks her how Paper Doll killed Edith Harper. Carlie explains that Paper Doll killed Edith Harper by compressing her body. This reduced her lung capacity. Carlie explains that Edith Harper may have died by asphyxiation. Peter thanks her and leaves.Sean Rockwell calls Bennett to tell him about Bobby Carr's plans. Bobby is about to go to The Hamptons to see his "mystery girl". Bennett promises to send one of his paparazzi and to pay Rockwell. After Rockwell hangs up, Paper Doll appears and kills him.In the Hamptons, Bobby Carr goes to see his mystery girl, Mary Jane Watson.The origin of Paper Doll is explained in a flashback. She was a girl named Piper who got in her father's dimensional compressor, leaving her paper thin. While her parents discussed how to deal with the situation, Piper locked herself in her room and watched a movie of Bobby Carr. Having obsessed with Bobby, Piper ran away from her house.In the present, Paper Doll reads about Bobby Carr's new girlfriend in the newspaper. Enraged, Paper Doll goes to Bobby Carr's house in the Hamptons. Bobby and Mary Jane Watson are spending the night together. The two are being watched by Spider-Man.Earlier, Robbie Robertson is talking to Dexter Bennett about how their newspaper is making people Paper Doll's targets. Bennett refuses to stop publishing stories about Carr, so Robbie quits. Peter stays in the newspaper and accepts the job of taking pictures of Carr's mystery girl.Spider-Man is using his camera's zoom to watch Carr and his mystery girl. Spider-Man has not yet discovered that Carr's girlfriend is Mary Jane. In the house, Paper Doll attacks the couple. Spider-Man goes to save them, but Carr's bodyguards try to stop him. Spider-Man binds them with webs and enters the house.Mary Jane attacks Paper Doll with a lamp. Paper Doll tries to attack her, but Mary Jane enters a safe room hidden in the closet, the safe room's password is Mary Jane's birthday. Spider-Man fights against Paper Doll. Mary Jane talks to Spider-Man, helping him in his fight. Mary Jane tells Spider-Man that they knew each other, in another life.As the fight continues, Paper Doll compresses Spider-Man's left arm. Spider-Man remembers about Carlie Cooper's explanation about the death of Edith Harper. Spider-Man then tries to asphyxiate Paper Doll but she escapes. Then, Spider-Man grabs her and the two fall to the pool. Spider-Man believes that Paper Doll will asphyxiate since her lungs are two thin in her paper thin form, but Paper Doll becomes 3D again. Paper Doll then tries to grab Bobby, but he manages to knock her out.Spider-Man binds Paper Doll with his webs and asks Bobby why did he not hide in his safe room with his girlfriend. Bobby replies that Paper Doll not only invaded her house, she invaded her life. Bobby Carr is just a mask and that his house in Hamptons is the only place Bobby can be his true self, and he does not want that part of him to be exposed to the rest of the world. Spider-Man understands, but Mary Jane warns him that the police is in the house. Thanking her, Spider-Man tells Mary Jane that they made a good team. Mary Jane replies that they did, in another life.In the DB!, Peter shows his camera's memory card, which has pictures of the fight and Carr0s mystery girl, to Bennet, who wants the pictures. Peter says that he respects Carr's life and breaks the memory card. This angers Bennett, who fires Peter, finally saying his name right.Later, Peter is moving in Vin's apartment and his friends are helping him. Robbie is also there, having heard about what Peter did from Betty Brant. Harry also appears and forgives Peter. Peter then pays up the last of the money he owed to Harry.In an airport, Mary Jane is getting to her plane to Los Angeles, where Sara Ehret appears, asking her an autograph. Sara asks Mary Jane when she will return, and Mary Jane says that she does not know and leaves.Peter is at a job interview with Now Magazine. The publisher can't hire him because of Dexter Bennett. Peter is talking with Betty Brant. She says there is another Spider-Tracer Victim and that the superhero Civil War did a number on Spider-Man. A crook named the Basher is calling Spider-Man out. The bookie takes bets on it. Vin is showing Peter the video of the Basher for the DB. The bookie goes to his house and has breakfast with his parents. His father wants his 12 grand and the bookie says he will have it in 24 hours. The Basher is waiting for Spider-Man when he shows up and kicks him in the face. The bookie is caught in a lie when the real Spider-Man shows up and chases the fake. The Enforcers take care of the bookie for lying. Spider-Man catches the fake and pulls off his mask. It is none other than Screwball. She tells him about the bookie and the bar. Spider-Man goes in and sees all the villains.Spider-Man is fighting the villains at the Bar With No Name where the Bookie was taking bets. The bartender Deke says that Spider-Man is allowed their help. Spider-Man wants information about the Bookie. Deke tells Spider-Man where the Bookie lives. At the F.E.A.S.T. Center a man with a cane, named Yermo, trips and hurts himself. Aunt May gives him some stew and he is able to walk without his cane. Spider-Man shows up at the Bookie's house and talks to his father, Lester Ladue to find out what he knows. He tells Spider-Man that he wants to go with him, but Spider-Man says no. He won't tell Spider-Man anything unless he goes. Spider-Man finally agrees. At Coney Island, the Enforcers have the Bookie strapped into a ride. They are taking bets on when he will fall, blackout, and puke. On the way there, Lester is betting Spider-Man. Spider-Man finally gets him to shut up. At Coney Island the Enforcers are throwing baseballs at the Bookie while riding in bumper-cars. Spider-Man shows up and saves him. He fights Fancy Dan and Montana while Ox is stuck in a bumper-car. Once Montana and Dan are defeated Ox is about to fight Spider-Man when a roller coaster cart goes off the tracks and is about to fall on Ox when Spider-Man quickly saves him. Grateful for the save, Ox agrees to go quietly. They find out that Lester was making bets on Spider-Man and the Enforcers. Spider-Man webs Lester to a ferris wheel and coerces him to donate the money he made on  the bets to the F.E.A.S.T. Center. Spider-Man finds out what he needs to know from the bookie and leaves. Ox turns himself and the Enforcers in. Peter calls Aunt May and asks if anybody had made a donation. She says yes.Spider-Man is chasing Overdrive again and Overdrive almost hits somebody. Spidey mentions a job interview he he is late for Vin notices and calls for back
up. Spider-Man webs up Overdrive's car. Overdrive smacks Spidey and runs. Vin tries to arrest Spider-Man but he leaves. Overdrive
takes over a school bus but Spider-Man breaks in and kicks him. Overdrive hits him with some sort of gun. Spider-Man goes out the
back and sneaks around to the front and takes the gun away from Overdrive blasts the back and tells the kids to get out. He had 
put a web bag for them to climb into. Overdrive escapes again. Now from Vin's side of the story. Peter had got on his bad side 
that morning. He was going to a Yankees game with his father when he saw Spider-Man and Overdrive. The same thing happens. Vin 
hops in a cab and follows Spider-Man and Overdrive. He almost hits a man reading a paper. Vin and the cab driver stop at the bus
as Spider-Man helps the kids get free and webs up Vin's gun that was pointed at him. He then swings off and Vin wants to follow
but the cab driver tells him to wait and asks him what kind of a cop would leave the kids in the street. Vin lies to make himself
look better. Now Overdrive is getting beat up by Mr. Negative and his men. Overdrive drove a monster truck into the building of
the company he stole the gun from. He then steals a car and Spider-Man stops. He hits Spider-Man and hijacks a bus. Spider-Man 
saves the kids while Overdrive climbs out the window and steals a Motorcycle. He almost hits Dexter Bennett who had been the man
the other 2 times somebody was almost ran over. Regardless he mentions something about being on his list. Overdrive of course 
makes it sound like he was doing an incredible job when he really wasn't. Mr. Negative has heard enough. Overdrive tells him the
Machine is in police custody. Carlie is bagging up the gun and says Vin is a good guy. Mr. Negative's men put Overdrive in the 
trunk of Mr. Negative's limo. Overdrive takes off in it and Mr. Negative wants to dispose of the men who put him their. Peter's
job interview turns out to be the place that Overdrive crashed into and stole the gun from. They can't hire Peter.Spider-Man wakes up hanging upside down in chains. There is a young woman standing in front of him. They seem to be in a Sewer. Cut back to 2 weeks ago. Spider-Man &amp; Daredevil are fighting Fracture. They K.O. him with minimum difficulty.  The girl is watching him. She follows Spider-Man home. His Spider-Sense starts up and he leaves but reveals the place. In a penthouse the girl is looking Peter Parker up on a database. 1 week later, Peter is working at a comic store with another man. Suddenly arrows start hitting the books and Peter gets the guy out of their and tells him he is a skrull to ease suspicion. 1 week later, Vin his on suspension for shooting a dealer he didn't shoot. Peter has a subpoena to attend the trial of Maxwell vs. Spider-Man. Vin is hit by a car while crossing the street. The next day, Harry and Vin are shooting pool when Peter walks in. Vin loses and is upset and leaves. Somebody enters Peter and Vin's apartment and is ambushed and told to put on a Spider-Man uniform. The unknown person is knocked unconscious and wakes up in a sewer hanging upside down chained up. Spider-Man falls down and the girl takes off his mask
to show it is Vin Gonzales.Vermin and Spider-Man (dressed in Daredevil's costume) are fighting. Vermin is wounded and Spider-Man sees this so he is able to talk to Vermin and calm him down. Vin (dressed in Spider-Man's costume) is hiding from the girl and attacks her they start fighting and then Spider-Man shows up and kicks her in the face they start fighting. Spider-Man throws Vin a Web-Shooter and he covers the girl. She rips it off in a matter of seconds and beats up on Spider-Man. Vin hits her over the back of the head with a pipe. Then Vermin attacks her and Spider-Man and Vin run. Later, Vin is in the hospital and Harry, Carlie, Lily, and Peter who cut his face shaving or so they say. They leave and then Spider-Man appears to explain what happened (though he also uses a cover story so Vin doesn't figure out that he and Peter Parker are the same person). Vin punches him and Spider-Man leaves. It shows the girl at her house. Vermin has been captured and a woman is walking towards her. We find out the girl is Ana Kravinoff, the daughter of Kraven.Spider-Man briefly recaps his origin and the new villains he is facing. In the present, he encounters and fights Menace. The villain bombs the side of a building, then escapes. Spider-Man sees numerous workers running from the building, and rows of hand-operated machines inside. He photographs these findings, and takes the pictures to Front Line's office. The staff concludes that the building was an illegal sweatshop owned by mayoral candidate Randall Crowne.After Front Line prints an article about the scandal, Crowne meets with Norman Osborn. He asks Osborn to back him, and bring his team to the city. Meanwhile, the Thunderbolts are in training against replicas of the unregistered heroes.Dexter Bennett orders Betty Brant to counter Front Line's article by investigating Martin Li. She goes to the FEAST center to interview Li, and is surprised to see Eddie Brock. They explain that Brock survived his cancer and was exonerated for his actions as Venom.After being captured by armed guards, Peter Parker is confronted in his own apartment by the Thunderbolts.NEW WAYS TO DIE It's the Spider-Fight of the century: SPIDER-MAN versus VENOM versus ANTI-VENOM! Who will be the last web-slinger standing? The guy with radioactive spider-blood? The man with the original symbiote? Or...hold on...just who or what is Anti-Venom anyway?! Also: a regular Spidey cast member falls prey to Menace! And Aunt May sees a suspiciously secret side of the F.E.A.S.T. center...While Spider-Man quarrels with Anti-Venom, Menace squares off against Norman Osborn and the rest of the Thunderbolts. Menace escapes and Osborn finds Peter's camera webbed to a nearby roof.Meanwhile, Harry Osborn tips off Ben Urich about Oscorp's involvements in a human trafficking scandal. Osborn investigates the film from Peter's camera and learns of Anti-Venom's ability to slow his spider-powers. Additionally, he finds a way to reverse-engineer the camera's tracking technology to zero in on Spider-Man's location.Harry Osborn is running into a building with Lily. The guards make her wait outside while Harry goes inside. He finds his dad in the Green Goblin outfit and they start to argue. Next we see Spider-Man and Anti-Venom web swinging to the Oscorp building. They land on the roof and Anti-Venom runs towards Venom's presence and Spider-Man takes off in the other direction. Spider-Man is entering the building when the Thunderbolts stop him. They want to know where Anti-Venom is. Spider-Man turns around and is the Anti-Venom. He webs Songbird and Radioactive Man to the wall. He and Venom/Scorpion start to battle. Bullseye radios in saying he is all right and that Spider-Man is still on the loose. Spider-Man attacks the Green Goblin. He calls his glider and he and Spider-Man battle on it. Harry looks through the walls that Spider-Man and the Green Goblin crashed through to see a room where all the Chinese people from the sweatshop were.Spider-Man leaves the Green Goblin and he and Harry get the people out of the building as the Green Goblin hits the self-destruct button. He helps Songbird and Radioactive Man get free and sees Anti-Venom and Venom still fighting. The heroes escape with Harry and the innocents. Venom stings Anti-Venom and his symbiote disappears. The Venom symbiote won't let Venom kill Eddie. Later we see the Thunderbolts telling Spider-Man to lay low for a few days. Later at a press conference, Norman says that Spider-Man is dead. Peter, Harry, and Lily are at the ruins of the Oscorp building and are looking for something. Harry leaves the room. Peter notices that the only book left standing is called the Rise of the Norman Empire. Lily kisses Peter. Peter is stunned. Harry walks back in and says he found what he needed. They leave and Mr. Li is somehow sick from the sweatshop people and snaps at Aunt May. Eddie Brock is standing in an alleyway wrapping up the story.Hammerhead is rescued by Mr. Negative, and begins to hunt all the gangs of New York in a plan to unite them. Spidey meets two brothers, both members of a street gang and they're trying to escape.A good old fashioned Spider-Man/Punisher punch-up-a-palooza! What’s Punisher want with a mysterious, power-enhancing serum? What does MOSES MAGNUM have to do with it? And why is Peter Parker DRIVING A CAB?! Spidey-Stalwart Zeb Wells and groundbreaking artist Paolo Rivera (MYTHOS series) bring Spidey the answers in this double-size spectacular!It's Betty Brant's birthday and Peter has forgotten what she wanted.The elections are close and Spider-Man has to fight against both Menace and the police.The issue has no credits or title page.

Spider-Man rescues Vin from the prisoners and escapes in an ambulance. On the election day, another battle between Spider-Man and Menace ensues. Just as Menace is about to finish off Spider-Man, Harry shoots her with the vial, which is an antidote that returns her to normal form. He saves Spider-Man from the crowd and leaves. Lily is incarcerated, leaving Harry her ring and a note. Though he wins the election, Bill Hollister voluntarily refuses to accept the position as Mayor, since the truth about his daughter's secret activities has become public knowledge. Vin arrests Palone, and the next day Peter consoles Harry who is in grief over finding out Lily's secret while his father Norman Osborn visits Lily in prison to give her the ring, welcoming her into the family.Spidey stops the Spot from killing a Russian mobster.Peter Parker and Harry Osborn are relaxing in the Central Park. After a failed attempt to charm two girls, they spot the Quinjet flying overhead.Later, at Frontline, Parker rants to his coworkers on how Norman Osborn is sweet talking the world and placing criminals in the Avengers and no one in the government is doing any oversight of him, meaning, everyone's scared of him. Ben Urich tells him that he needs proof that Osborn is downright rotten.At a distance from Avengers Tower, Spider-Man has a talk with Wolverine, expressing how guilty he is not finishing off Osborn as the Green Goblin many times. Wolverine advises him to just wait until Osborn loses his mind.At J. Jonah Jameson's mansion, he and Peter are having a family photo, titled "cousins". Then suddenly, their final guest arrives: Osborn himself. Aunt May asked that she and John Sr. leave, because of her nervousness being near the former Green Goblin. Also, John Sr. could tell that he's "a professional thug who hides his lust for power and contempt for common people behind the American flag". This earns Peter's appreciation. Osborn shoots back that he knows about his dishonorably discharge from the military. He then offers Harry a chance to join his Avengers; Harry laughs at this and leaves.Later, at Harry's apartment, he is surprised to find Menace, aka Lily Hollister, hovering on her Gob Glider. She transforms back to human form and shows him something shocking.Meanwhile, Osborn is traveling along Sixth Avenue in his limo, communicating to Victoria Hand via hologram. Then suddenly, the roof is ripped off by none other Spider-Man, who wraps his webs around Osborn and drags him away before beating the stuffing out of him. His cell phone then rings, which he asks Spidey to let him answer. The call is from Harry, accepting his offer. An angry Spidey then runs off.On the other end, Harry swears to a noticeably pregnant Lily that he'll protect their son.Norman Osborn is in the middle of a press conference with his Avengers standing around him; while he announces that his son; Harry Osborn will be joining the Avengers. Soon After Peter and Harry are arguing about it back at Peter's apartment; Peter arguing that he drastically changed from a couple of hours prior. Harry responds that things have changed; he referring to the fact that his girlfriend Lily is pregnant. Peter tries to remind Harry of the trouble Norman has caused him and Harry soon leaves telling Pete to stay out of his family's business.Later that day (presumably) Peter is swinging about town as Spider-Man and is thinking to himself over the matter of Harry dealing with his father; and barely notices a building on fire which he swings in to help.Some time later Harry is at the Avengers tower with his father; who is talking with him about his new job. Norman tells him that he doesn't have full access and Norman tells him he will be living at the tower. Harry then asked about Lily. Norman lies and says that Lily isn't at the tower and that she doesn't want to see him. The pair get on an elevator.Soon after, Peter is helping Aunt May and Jonah Sr. with the wedding; talking with them about Harry's situation. Aunt May reminds him that it is Harry's situation and that it is their problem and that Peter should just leave it as that. Aunt May leaves the room and Jonah Sr. and Peter talk.Jonah Sr. tells peter about when he was 20 and in the Army. He went A.W.O.L. so that he could make it home to his girlfriend who was pregnant with their son J. Jonah Jameson, and how he held her hand and stroked her hair as she passed away after having him. He told Peter all of this because he didn't want him to think that his Aunt May was marrying a coward.Back at the Avengers tower Norman has Harry in a Lab where Norman has a doctor preparing an injection to inoculate Harry as a precaution. Harry distrusts this but Norman assures him that he is being honest about this and does not wish to harm his sobriety. Lily meanwhile watches from a monitor from another room relieved that harry did some.Peter sits and talks at the gravestone to Gwen Stacy about the situation; reminding himself that Norman Osborn is dangerous.Some time later Peter is outside the Avengers tower with coffee in hand, waiting for Harry but Norah finds him. She tells him that she got a job at the tower and is trying to find a scoop; believing Norman to be the real story. Peter tries to tell Norah that it's a bad idea and Norah storms back inside the building.Later that night; at Kings point, Mac Gargan is talking with a prostitute who he prepares to eat, while Bullseye kills rats with coins. Before he can eat the girl though; Spider-man swings in and starts to pull Mac into what appears to be some sort of freezer from a restaurant. So Hawkeye wouldn't hear though; Sue storm made a invisible barrier around Peter and the symbiote in an alleyway. Sue and Peter talk a minute about a plan of Peter's; which involves a black suit that Reed whipped up.Meanwhile back at the Avengers tower; Harry disables the camera in his room and opens up a suit case full of electronics. Up in the Avengers conference room Peter (dressed up as Norman's Spider-man) and Hawkeye have returned, and Peter seems to fit right in. Norman then begins to tell the group about his vision and why Harry is at the tower; calling it "American Son".Norman Osborn leads his Avengers - including Spider-Man in disguise as Venom - to a restricted laboratory in Avengers Tower. There, he reveals to them his plan for Harry. He will be given a hybrid Super-Soldier/Goblin serum - which Norman has perfected after many unsuccessful human trials - and a suit of armor and go by the codename American Son.Elsewhere, Harry is about to sneak into Norman’s office when he is grabbed from behind. It’s Lily, who tells Harry she’s scared what Norman will do if he finds out they’re lying to him. Harry tells Lily he thinks Norman has a way to cure her of Menace - after all, he wouldn’t keep Lily around if he didn’t have a way to control her in her goblin form. And once Menace is gone, Norman has no reason to keep her around. Then, they and the baby can disappear. Lily gives Harry a key card that will let him access the tower’s restricted levels, and tells him level 25 is a good place to start looking for secrets.In Forest Hill, Jay Jameson tries to get May to step away from wedding planning for the night. Suddenly, the power goes out. Little do they know, Octobots are accessing electrical systems across the city from Queens to the Daily Bugle. A familiar set of mechanical arms works in front of a bank of monitors as the figure controlling them decides he will do something great…Back in Avengers Tower, Norman tells “Venom” to take first shift on monitor duty and directs him to level 25. Spider-Man takes the elevator up, but when the doors open he is immediately attacked by Daken. Daken tells Spidey he smells too clean to be Mac Gargan. Using his pheromones, Daken distorts Spider-Man’s vision and gets the better of him, slashing his back and beating him down. It’s only when Spider-Man closes his eyes and trusts his spider-sense that he turns the tables on Daken and knocks him out.Spidey senses someone else in the room and turns to see Harry Osborn. He tells Harry who he really is, and Harry tells him he’s going to ruin everything and needs to leave. Suddenly, Norman enters with Ms. Marvel and Bullseye and, seeing Daken’s unconscious body, demands an explanation. Spider-Man tries to keep the ruse up and tells Norman that he stopped Daken from attacking Harry. When Norman asks Harry if this is true, Harry says no and that that is the real Spider-Man.Bullseye quickly looses two arrows at Spider-Man, each finding purchase in one of Peter’s thighs. He drops to his knees as Norman reveals he knew Spider-Man wasn’t Gargan from the second he entered the building. Bullseye asks what they’re going to do with him, and Norman nonchalantly pulls out a gun and shoots Spider-Man point blank in the head. Spider-Man falls back, bleeding on the floor as the others look on in stunned silence.Norman and Bullseye are torturing Spider-Man to try and learn why he is so interested in Harry. However, his mask is composed of unstable molecules, preventing them from taking it off. He even successfully tricks Bullseye into saying an insulting phrase.Meanwhile, Norman introduces Harry to his new role as the Amercan Son, which will involve him using a powered exoskeleton and a combination of both the supersoldier formula and the Goblin serum.Norman soon brings up a repulsor that was set on a frequency to synch the unstable molecules into becoming stable, which is slowly destroying the mask. He also reveals that he plans on having Harry die shortly after his inception as the American Son, which will make him a martyr, which will make the people feel sorry for him, enabling him to do whatever he pleases. In anger, Spidey breaks free.Meanwhile, Harry steals the cure for Lily, only to have her reveal that she doesn't really love him, and the baby is really Norman's. Harry runs away from her as she chases him. He comes into the lab just to see his father is about to kill Spider-Man. Therefore, Harry dons the American Son armor for the first time.A badly beaten, bleeding, and weakened Spider-Man regains consciousness to the sounds of Harry and Norman Osborn fighting in full American Son and Iron Patriot armor, respectively. As he slowly crawls to his feet, Peter remembers the aftermath of a frat party he and Harry attended. Harry had gotten drunk and belligerent after a visit from his father where Peter had been all Norman wanted to discuss. Harry had taken out his jealousy and anger on a random frat boy. Pete had promised him they would always be brothers and he’d never have to deal with his father alone.As a now-maskless Peter hides out of sight, Harry tells his Norman that he knows Norman is the father of Lily Hollister’s baby. Norman begins to gloat, but Harry hits his father with the American Son suit’s inertia hammer and launches Norman out of Avengers Tower and down to Central Park below. Menace races after Norman to make sure he survived. Harry then tells Spider-Man he doesn’t care who he is, but that he needs to go home and leave Norman to him. Harry follows Norman down to Central Park and demands Norman explain himself. Norman tells Harry he was always a disappointment and that he tried many times to have another child to replace him. Amid a barrage of Iron Patriot missiles, Norman says that after Lily was exposed to the goblin serum, he saw the perfect opportunity, and that Lily was a more than willing participant. Norman punches Harry across the face, destroying the American Son helmet, and as he grabs him by the throat, tells Harry that he is no longer his son. Before Norman can land the killing blow, Spider-Man - using a piece of his sleeve as a mask - shows up and tosses the Iron Patriot aside. Menace then slams into Spidey with her goblin glider, breaking his ribs and carrying him into the air. As Menace turns back towards the fight, Peter webs her feet and takes her glider out of commission before falling painfully to the ground.Harry rips his father’s Iron Patriot mask off and begins to beat Norman with the American Son shield. Harry raises the jagged edge of the shield above his head, but hesitates. Spider-Man tells Harry that if he’s going to kill Norman, he needs to aim for the neck. But he also says that if he does this, he’ll become the son his father always wanted him to be. Harry sheds the American Son armor and turns his back on his father.Later, Peter receives a visit from Aunt May and Jay Jameson, having checked himself into the hospital as the victim of a hit-and-run. Harry, meanwhile, gets a prescription for oxycontin to deal with his body rejecting the super-soldier compound. Norah Winters is on the phone with Ben Urich discussing her upcoming Osborn story when she receives an untraceable e-mail. She opens the file and sees video of herself with a stolen key card and the Avengers Tower security guard she’d flirted with being tortured. Shaken, she tells Urich that her story might not be ready yet after all.In Avengers Tower, Norman speaks to Lily’s pregnant belly. He tells their unborn baby that it is his only son, that it won’t be afraid of anything, and calls it his Goblin Prince.Doctor Octopus learns from a doctor that due to the beatings he received over the years has left him terminally ill and with only a year left to live. Four months later after he and Daredevil take down the Bar with No Name and get it shut down due to the owner Deke not having a liquor license, Spider-Man offers to let DD know who he is, since he knows DD's secret identity. DD admits Spider-Man has some strange power that prevents his heightened senses from identifying Spider-Man's real identity, but refuses, stating it is better for him not to know to help maintain this protection, since he had to deal with a tragic love life with most of the women he loved ended up either dead or incapacitated for knowing his secret identity.For Peter Parker, he is preparing for his Aunt May's ceremony for her re-marriage to J. Jonah Jameson Sr., and invites his friends. Learning of the upcoming ceremony, Dr. Octopus kidnaps Jay with his new miniature Octopus drones. He then starts a connection from his underground base causing havoc within New York's computer network after making a public broadcast, but Spidey's teammates in the New Avengers arrive and deal with the chaos leaving  Spider-Man track down Dr. Octopus. When Carlie Cooper and Norah Winters track down Octopus's signal from the drone they found in Jay's apartment and Carlie contacts Peter and mentions what they are doing, they are captured just as Peter urges her for both of them to flee. Meeting with the Fantastic Four who are working on creating a device to jam Octavius's signal, Mister Fantastic has Johnny Storm work on tracing the signal from Carlie's cell phone.Arriving at the location the two quickly locate Octavius's signal and after freeing the girls and Jay, Spider-Man leaves it to Johhny to get them outside while he faces Dr. Octopus alone. Despite Octopus's tentacles and mini-drones, Spider-Man distracts him by forcing him to hold up a column while he takes Dr. Octopus' neural device and uses it disable Dr. Octopus's control of his tentacles. He then uses it to undo the damage that Dr. Octopus caused, but Dr. Octopus has his mini-drones cover Spider-Man, and though Johnny burns them off of him, Dr. Octopus had escaped in the confusion. Outside Spider-Man admits to the Fantastic Four and New Avengers that DD was right about the risks in exposing his secret identity, and though he is concerned that the neural device uploaded his secret identity into the city's computers, Reed Richards states he is handling that situation.Afterwards Peter and Johnny with Michelle Gonzales and Carlie Cooper as their dates attend the wedding. After the vows are done and May throws her bouquet, it falls into the hands of a guest who has just arrived: Mary Jane Watson.Mayor J. Jonah Jameson is in the midst of attempting to frame Spider-Man again, by showing footage of him with Doctor Octopus. However, reporters point out that there is direct evidence to the contrary and the Fantastic Four have given statements that exonerate him. Nevertheless, Jonah still wants to paint Spider-Man as a menace.Meanwhile, Peter Parker is waking from a hard sleep, barley remembering what happened at his Aunt May's wedding, where he was reunited with Mary-Jane Watson. Flashes show him and Michele Gonzales separately getting drunk. By then, Peter had forgotten that he had slept with her. Michele storm into her bathroom, angry that Peter doesn't even remember. She shouts at him to get out.As Peter goes on patrol as Spider-Man, he vividly remembers what happened before his hangover. He then turns his attention to a bank robber. Using his web-shooters, he pins the crook to a news stand, angering the proprietor.Spidey then arrives at Aunt May's house, which he expects to be deserted due to Aunt May being on her honeymoon, enough for him to live in for a while. Unfortunately, the house is filled with his Reilly relatives. He then goes to meet with Harry Osborn, only to learn that his friend has moved out. His last resort was to ask Betty Brant for a place to live temporarily. However, Gloria Grant has already moved in due to the cutbacks on the DB. Then suddenly, Dexter Bennett comes out shouting that there is a fire at the Empire State Building.Spidey is quickly on the scene. He manages to clear a path through the fire for the civilians by using the water pumps in the men's restroom. He then tells the fireman not to thank him, if they wish to avoid Jonah's wrath. A comment about Grand Central makes Spidey remember that he was suppose to meet up with MJ. However, apparently she had slept in as well. She turns on her TV, learning of Spider-Man's good deed. She comments that that he did a nice job.Peter arrives back at Michele's apartment, apparently deserted. He finds a tray of cookies on the table, which he assumes to be a "peace offering", not noticing that the fridge has been chained up.THE CHAMELEON returns with a terrifying new mission that has MAYOR J. JONAH JAMESON squarely in his sights! Meanwhile, the ANTI-SPIDER SQUAD narrows its dragnet around the Wall-Crawler, and Peter Parker gets a brand new job...will it bring him closer to the newly-returned MARY JANE, or push her further away?The Chameleon, disguised as Peter Parker, tries to learn as much has he can about him. He also spontaneously kisses Parker's girlfriend Michelle. After meeting with Mary-Jane Watson and Flash Thompson, Chameleon tries to find the location of Shadow Command, New York's black ops unit, planning on blowing it up, which he relays to a contact in Pakistan.Meanwhile, in his lair, out of his acid tank burst the real Peter Parker.The Chameleon returns to his lair - with his latest victim - to find it ransacked. Realizing that his position is compromised, he blows up his lair, unknown that he's got a Spider tracer on his gun. Six hours later, Spider-Man finds the mask of himself.In a flashback, it is revealed that Peter, when drugged by Chameleon, his Spider-Sense woke him up and covered himself in his webbing, protecting him from the acid before he got out. Rummaging through the Chameleon's stuff, he learns that he's after Shadow Command.Spidey follows his tracer, only to be ambushed by the NYPD Mandroids, causing him to drop the tracer. The police list out his rights while he struggles and tries frantically to warn them, only to be interrupted by Jonah Jameson, appearing on the circular chests of the Mandroids, informing his long hated foe that he has gained access to the technologies developed by Spencer Symthe, who had past away, including his spider tracker. Spider-Man then notices a stray police truck headed towards a building and escapes the Mandroids' grip. He then attacks the Chameleon, disguised as a female police officer; Jonah cites this as proof that he's a menace, just as Chameleon hits the detonator. Spidey quickly rips off part of his/her mask, showing it and the bomb to the police as proof.  With only ten seconds left, he tells the Mandroids to use their particle field accelerators to contain the blast; they comply. Once the disaster is averted, Jonah screams at them to focus back on Spider-Man, but the Spider-Slayer squad allow him to escape and crush the spider tracker, stating that it took "friendly fire".Later, Jonah is dismayed to hear that his entire Spider-Slayer squad has resigned. He tells his deputy-mayor Haskell that Spider-Man was obviously working with terrorists and framed a cop and demands that they send out a press release only for Haskell to interrupt him, informing him that city hall is not the Daily Bugle. He can't just print whatever he wants and expect the people to believe it anymore. He also hands in his letter of resignation, stating that he must choose between either his vendetta against Spider-Man or actually helping the city.When Peter arrives back at Aunt May's home, he finds Harry sitting on the couch with his cousin. Apparently, the Chameleon had "screwed" up his life, having given the keys, prompting Harry to pay back the rent on his apartment. Upstairs, he finds Mary-Jane sitting on his bed, looking through his college album. And when he gets back to Michele's apartment, he finds that she's warmed up to him, wearing his clothes.An hour later, Chameleon, in the guise of Janice Trillo, meets with Kraven the Hunter's wife, and they both plot their revenge against Spider-Man.Featured Characters:

Coffee BeanMadame Web is held captive in the Upper East Side, given irregular meals, unable to bathe and placed in a room without windows. Tataina asks if she's dead, and proceeds to drug her with a lethal spider by forcing it down her throat; if she bites down it will kill her, so she must tell her what Spider-Man is doing in her visions (the spider induces her powers.) She manages to lie, stating that he is "surrounded by loved ones."Spider-Man and Black Cat have broken into a hotel room and slept together. As Cat disappears, a newly wedded couple comes into their room. Spidey barely gets out with his costume on.Spidey then tracks down Dexter Bennett at the DB, showing him an image of the dead guy who was lying in his safe. Bennett confesses that the man is Mayer, a former business partner of his. Spidey also notices the newspaper article with him and Cat sharing a kiss on the front page.Spidey makes a stakeout at Mayer's warehouse. His spider-sense also alerts him to Cat's presence. He tries asking her about the ledger book she stole from Bennett, she ignores his questions, instead gets intimate with him until Spider-Man hears a ringer.Down below, Diablo uses his science to erase peoples minds. Then suddenly, Spider-Man crashes right into him. As Black Cat assists him, Diablo uses one of his capsules to liquefy the cement beneath their feet. Spider-Man manages to tear himself from the ground and smash the solid cement against a pipe. However, Diablo unleashes a gold-like substance that slowly encases them and cutting off their air. As he tries leaving, one of his capsules falls from his belt and dissolves the substance. Spidey then flings web balls at him before trying CPR on Cat. Diablo then escapes in a cloud of smoke.Back at the DB, Spidey realizes that Mayer had 20,000 tons of steel but refused to disclose it to Bennett. But that steel was made by Diablo and not meant to last. Already there a building made of that steel. Cat then asks Spidey if he trusts her, for there are some mysteries that she has to solve alone. He asks if she looked at his unmasked face; she replies no.Soon enough Cat informs Spidey of the building, which he covers entirely in his webbing. Jonah tries to get into the people's good books while this happen, until Spidey knocks off his hat with a web ball. He then rejoins Cat on a rooftop, where he informs her that Diablo killed Mayer and was after Bennett and the building's collapse was meant to hide something. The problem is, what was he trying to cover up.In Diablo's lair, he listens to the news report where Jonah has taken credit for stop the building's collapse. Then, Ana Kravinov enters, stating that her mother would like a word with him.Doctor Damon Ryder (Raptor) interviews a potential lab assistant, Ben Reilly, noting his good reputation and record. The scene switches to the present as Spider-Man faces Screwball in the heights of New York. Despite Screwball's argument that she's not a "bad guy" but a performance artist, Spidey continues to pursue her until she drops the 3 million dollar bonds that she stole, fleeing the scene. Since Screwball posted the fight between herself and Spider-Man on her blog live, Ben cannot buy his pictures because they're yesterday's news. Norah points a shady individual to Peter, Damon Ryder in the present, after he asks to see him. Peter tries desperately to ignore him but Raptor persists while repeatedly calling him "Ben," until things escalate into a physical battle. Fortunately the fight stops when two of front Line's staff hold Raptor down, having already called the police. Unfortunately Raptor also gives Urich the police sketch of someone identical to Peter, with the article stating that the same man burned down a family's home. Back in the past, Doctor Ryder and his assistant Ben work together on an experiment until Ryder convinces Ben to join his family for dinner. At dinner they discuss what they're working on involving dinosaur DNA, attempting to not just find but create the missing evolutionary link. Later on one night in the lab Ben brings up the fact they're losing funding, however Ryder shocks him by revealing that at this instant their lab is growing the first dinosaur-human hybrid in millions of years.At Morroco in the present May Reilly and Jonah Jameson Sr. enjoy their honeymoon. Aunt May asks if they can return to Manhattan since she misses the city of New York, especially Peter. Jameson agrees to return albeit he plans to take their honeymoon to Venezuela directly after.Spider-Man follows the signal of his spider-tracer to an abandoned building finding Ryder's jacket with the tracer still attached. Ryder arrives at Peter's apartment confronting Michele Gonzales, claiming that he's one of Peter's friends. The final flashback shows Ben confronting Ryder about this new hybrid he's developed, as Ryder tested on himself which disturbed Ben, enraging the usually passive doctor. When Raptor prepares to attack Michele with his teeth while she's off-guard, back at the abandoned building Spider-Man is lifted by the throat by a stranger. His new enemy is none other than Kaine!Peter Parker’s past collides with his future! Can Peter Parker save his family and himself?! Webhead stalwart Marc Guggenheim and rising star Marco Chechetto (AMAZING SPIDER-MAN: AMERICAN SON) bring you the rollicking conclusion of “WHO WAS BEN REILLY?”Deadpool-Man, Deadpool-Man – does whatever a Deadpool can…spins a web any size – but not really…Deadpool’s don’t have webs. Look out! Here comes the Deadpool-Man! What force on Earth has brought the Merc with a Mouth and the Webheaded Wonder closer together than Quesada and Twitter? And how does it tie to the upcoming Spider story The Gauntlet?! And finally – WHO IS LADY STILT-MAN?! Joe Kelly (DEADPOOL CLASSIC; This issue of AMAZING SPIDER-MAN) and Eric Canete (IRON MAN: ENTER THE MANDARIN) bring you 2079’s top Marvel Comic of the last 70 years (sorry, Dazzler #500)!Featured Characters:

Spider-Man is ganged up upon by a mob who is supporting Electro's anti-Dexter Bennett stance. He is forced to escape into the sewers to evade them. Meanwhile, Electro is attempting to contact the Mad Thinker, wanting help with his powers that are overwhelming him. Mad Thinker reminds him that he should've been taking money for the procedure instead of raising a mob. Electro refuses to be patronized and signs off.Spidey gets into his Peter Parker persona and runs up asking where Electro had gone and trying to reason that his alter ego wasn't trying to do any damage. A bearded man argues that people like him have to pay taxes while Spider-Man gets to live with the Avengers and asks Peter whose side he's one. The answer is the truth and he takes a picture of the man's snarl.Bennett is making all the precautions to protect himself. Unfortunately, as he was taking a bath, Electro turns up, demanding that he pay up if he wants a reprieve from the mob's wrath.Back at Peter and Michele's apartment, the former is attempting to use his spider-tracer tech to help find Electro through the city power lines. But when he plugs in too many plugs, he accidentally makes the side-effect of melting Michele's hairdryer.At the Thinker's lab, his assistant Annie approaches him to confide her concerns about Electro. The Mad Thinker tells her that the probability of Electro becoming irrational from his chemical imbalance thereby ensuring that he'll never get the money is near-zero, as Electro throws a bag full of money onto the holographic table. Mad Thinker then tells Annie to prep the gene splicer.Meanwhile, Spider-Man is swinging through the streets, wondering how to appease Michele before focusing his thoughts on stopping Electro. At the same time, his Aunt May and her new husband Jay Jameson are knocking on his apartment room door and are greeted by an angry Michele.Electro is hooked up to the Mad Thinker's machines, but Annie soon learns that they aren't depowering him, but powering him up. Just as the Mad Thinker says that nothing can stop the process now, Spider-Man crashes in. Mad Thinker freaks out, seeing that Spider-Man interference is now killing Electro. But he is quickly proven incorrect, as the electric villain is feeling energized and capable of turning into living electricity. As the Mad Thinker and Annie flee, Electro unleashes his full fury. He then shouts to all of New York through every electronic in the city that he's coming for Bennett and his DB.The issue begins with New York citizens turning on all their electric powered items. Lights, vacuums, microwaves, anything that runs on electricity. Electro holds up a news station and demands they tell everyone his name. He gets in front of the camera and thanks the citizens of NYC for helping power him. Spider-Man gets up amongst rubble and firefighters help him out. At the DB building, a man runs into the office screaming for everyone to evacuate. People begin to run to the door only to find it electrified by Electro. Spider-Man reaches the DB building and tells JJJ that he needs his anti-spider squad to get to Electro. Electro storms through the office destroying everything in his path. He tells Bennett that the power he wields is not his own, but the power of the people. Spider-Man flies through a window behind Electro and tells Bennett to leave. Underground a highly specialized team cuts the power to the city. Electro gets angry when the power is drained. Electro starts flinging bolts at Spider-Man, as he dodges each one. Electro blows a huge hole in the side of the building. Spider-Man warns Electro that he is just draining his own power and tells him that he can't escape. Electro hears this and he goes into a socket in the wall, becoming pure electricity. He comes out of a light above Spider-Man and punches him through a wall. Spider-Man gets back up and webs up his own hands. The fight continues and Spidey punches through a column thats holding up part of the building. It starts to collapse. Spider-Man gets Electro in a vulnerable position and webs him up. This angers Electro even more and he lets out a large blast of power out around him, sending Spidey flying. Spider-Man comes right back at him and kicks him in the chest with both feet, sending Electro through floor after floor. Bennett is talking with Jameson when pebbles start to hit him in the head. A huge chunk of concrete lands on Bennett's legs. Spidey moves the large piece off of Bennent and picks him up. Jameson says he will get paramedics but Spidey tells him no. The whole building begins to rumble. The building topples over as if by a demolition crew. Jameson stares at the rubble with horror. The next day Peter is standing in front of the rubble with Betty Brant and they reminisce about the first days of Peter's job at the Bugle. Peter begins to worry about his other enemies coming to attack him, foreshadowing the rest of the gauntlet. In a jail somewhere Electro is being moved to a cell, he is surprised as to what is in his cell. Sitting before him is the Chameleon and Sasha Kravinoff...Keemia is playing by a statue of a bird and begins to tell us about herself. She is seen basically alone. She says the king keeps movies in the theatre and food in the restaurant. She lays down on the ground when a castle starts to build itself around her, a giant sand castle. Switching to Peter we find him walking into his office, people running around frantically. Glory, his boss, has an assignment for him, to check out a crime lab that has evidence missing. She tells him to blame it on the tech that was working at the time, Carlie Cooper. Jonah Jameson is standing in front of the DB building rubble with Robbie. They begin talking and JJ tells Robbie that the city is just waiting for him to sign a demolition paper to completely tear the building down. Peter is in the crime lab and Carlie starts pleading with Peter to believe her. She shows Peter the locker that the evidence was in and points to the empty evidence bags. Grains of sand can be seen on the bags. She goes on to explain what murders the weapons were used in. That's when Carlie is escorted from the building as she is suspended without pay. That night Spidey goes to investigate each murder to find out where the weapons went. He sneaks into Alma Alvarato's apartment and turns on a desk lamp. He looks up to see an assortment of super villains plastered to the wall. Spidey concludes that Alma may have been a criminal groupie. He finds a photo of Flint Marko (aka Sandman) and picks it up. While he's glancing at the photo an old woman bursts into the room pointing a shotgun at Spidey. Spidey covers the barrel of the gun with web and explains to the lady that he is trying to find who killed Alma. The lady tells Spidey that all she can worry about now is her granddaughter, Keemia. The lady begins to explain what happened to Keemia based on witness accounts. Keemia had been building a snow man when all of a sudden it seemed to come to life, telling Keemia that he was sent to take her to her father. The lady says she doesn't know who the father is, but one of the criminals she had been seeing had started giving her a hard time, so she went to a lawyer for a restraining order. Turns out that lawyer is another one of the victims, Herman Cohen. Spidey visits Betty Brant for information on the third victim, DeShawn Price. All she knows is DeShawn Price was working with the Mayor to produce a winter concert series on Governor's Island, she turns around to find Spidey gone. Spidey appears on the opposite side of her scaring Betty half to death.Spider-Man leaves and the next page shows him gliding to Governor's Island on a parachute made of webbing. Spidey lands on the same bird statue that Keemia had been playing by. He looks down and sees what looks like an army of snowmen. Spidey walks further into the island, which had once been a military base. He roams around finding no signs of life. He stops and says that Marko should come out now. Sandman comes out of the ground and starts a scuffle with Spidey. He tells Spidey that he has claimed the island as his own.The fight continues and Spidey tells Sandman all he came for was the girl, he asks Marko what the girl means to him. He gets angry and screams at Peter that she is everything, sending him flying with a massive punch. Spidey rebounds and inserts a green web cartridge into his web shooters. He shoots the webs at Sandman, Sandman laughs at the feeble attempt. Sandman begins to dissolve and turn green and Spidey tells him it was laced with Hydrofluoric Acid and that the acid is dissolving the individual granules of Sandman's body. Spidey begins to walk away, thinking Sandman finished. He hears Sandmans voice and turns around to see many Sandmen, all gearing up to attack him.Due to Sandman's new ability to create copies of himself, Spider-Man is beaten and captured. After breaking free, he takes Keemia with him and uses Sandman's concern for her to dodge the traps in the Sand Castle. Being surrounded by the Sandman copies outside the Sand Castle, it comes to light that the real Sandman doesn't have as complete mental control over his clones as he thought since certain clones were the ones responsible for the death's of Keemia's mother and the lawyer. The promoter was also killed due to the fact that the Sandman subconsciously wanted to keep the Island all for him and Keemia. Spider-Man becomes concerned for Keemia's safety since this could subconsciously put Keemia in danger too.After the real Sandman absorbs the clones and attacks, Spider-Man lures him to a ventilation factory, once Keemia is separated from Spider-Man and is out of hearing range, Spider-Man admits he knows that due to Sandman being a Sand-based Human Mutate, he cannot be Keemia's real father. Sandman admits he was her only father figure and kept sending her presents while locked up at Ryker's Island, and only when she visited him that she instinctively called him "daddy". Using more acid webbing Spider-Man gets him caught up in the giant fan spreading him through the air. Spider-Man then returns to the mainland through the same underground tunnels that he realized the Sandman used to get to the mainland to obtain food and gift for Keemia without having to deal with his weakness to water.Spider-Man meets with Gloria Grant at City Hall to drop off Keemia so she can be reunited with her grandmother. However, representatives from Child Protective Services are there as well who declare their judgment that since Keemia's grandmother is clearly unfit to raise Keemia due to letting her play outside so she can watch TV, Keemia is to be placed in a foster home. Keemia hates Spider-Man, believing he lied to her. Peter meets with Carlie at the Coffee Bean, where Carlie has been freed from all charges thanks to Spider-Man proving Sandman's involvement in the murder case and Carlie suspects the evidence were actually parts of Sandman's body that disappeared from the evidence locker because they were being recalled by Sandman. Though Peter is upset over what happened to Keemia, thinking it made things worse and not better, Carlie states that her father told her that life is about making hard choices. Keemia is placed in a bad foster home, but still holds onto the belief that one day her father will rescue her and take her back to her kingdom where she is a princess.Featured Characters:

Spider-Man and Black Cat have teamed up to infiltrate Mr. Negatives compound in Chinatown to retrieve Spider-Man's blood, which has been used to create Devil's Breath, a poison that can only kill him. Even though joining Black Cat on this heist puts him at risk, Spider-Man doesn't believe she can handle Mr. Negative on her own.While trying to sneak past an Inner Demon, Spider-Man accidentally alerts him to their presence. To keep him silent, Spider-Man must web him up, but since his webbing dissolves in an hour, they are now on a time crunch.Meanwhile, Aunt May, still under the effects of Mr. Negative's negative touch has kicked out all of the relatives that have been staying in her house, including Harry, who she cruelly insults. At the same time, Carlie and Captain Watanabe are still at the Empyrean Opera House, but Watanabe is too afraid to send anyone inside because of Mr. Negative's gas. Carlie, holding a sample of it, tells her that the gas only affects people whose blood was used to make it. Carlie intends to recreate the gas with the sample she retrieved. Shortly after, she gets a call from her dad, who plans to use the money he earned working for Mysterio to take them out of the country.Through an air vent above Mr. Negative's office, Blask Cat disables his security, but Spider-Man can sense something on the other side of the door. After Black Cat unlocks the door, she closes Spider-Man inside so that he can act as a distraction for the Inner Demons.With no place to go, Harry moves into Mary Jane's apartment, much to her reluctance. During Spider-Man's battle with the Inner Demons, Mr. Negative appears and quickly and easily dispatches Spider-Man punching through several buildings and into an alleyway.Ray and Carlie meet at a U-Store-It, where Carlie claims to be picking up some of her mother's things that have been stored away. However, she closes the storage room and puts on a gas mask before throwing a vial of Devil's Breath poison she made out of her own blood hoping to get the truth about the man claiming to be her father. If he is her father, she could care less if he dies because of what he has become. He reacts violently and attempts to take her gas mask. Now that she knows that he is her father, she admits to him that the poison was actually knockout gas. After he loses consciousness, she calls Watanabe to pick him up.Black Cat breaks into Mr. Negatives safe and sees the vial of blood sitting on top of a stack of money, making her realize that Spider-Man came along to make sure she only swapped the blood so that Mr. Negative doesn't know what she did. While looking for Spider-Man in the alleyway, Mr. Negative tells him that the code he lives by requires him to come down on Spider-Man for breaking into his home, but Spider-Man, still hidden, says that New York is his home and Negative came into his home first. Afterwards, Black Cat meets up with Spider-Man and hands him his blood, which has been swapped with pig's blood.Aunt May walks into Jay Jameson's apartment, who is on the phone with her sister. Jay tells her that she shouldn't have kicked her relatives out of the house because they were her wedding gift from him, but Aunt May dismisses his gift and calls them leeches. As for Mary Jane, she wakes up to Harry making breakfast, a pleasant surpise.While walking home, Peter finds Carlie on his stoop, who says she has decided to take charge of her life and wanted to confront Peter about skipping their lunch date, but she sees that he has a few injuries and takes him inside to clean him up. There, she tells him that he only has one more shot with her.In his lab at Phelcorp Pharmaceuticals, Dr. Curt Conners is working on something mysterious, something he doesn't want his boss to know about. However, his boss wants something by next month or else he's fired and he needs this job to prove to the courts that he can support his son. Dr. Conners promises to have something ready for him by then.After spending the night together, Spider-Man is shocked to hear that Black Cat sold the vial of blood they retrieved from Mr. Negative. Since Spider-Man wants to get it back, Black Cat tells him that she sold it to "Dracs," partiers that try imitate vampires by drinking the blood of celebrities.Peter goes to a club dressed in Gothic clothing, but notices that the partiers dress more like cool kids than vampires. Soon, he sees a mysterious woman that hypnotizes him upon looking at her. Then, she looks into his mind and sees that he is looking for his blood and tells him that it is in the hands of Michael Morbius. She even gives him Morbius' location before leaving.The next morning, Spider-Man goes to the location the woman gave him and notices wafers with crosses surrounding the entrance to an air duct. Inside, he finds Morbius asleep on the ceiling and hears the voice of the woman asking him to invite her in, revealing her vampire fangs. Under her hypnotic spell, Spider-Man lets her in.The woman comes in and grabs Morbius, who identifies her as Martine, his ex-fiance that later turned herself into a vampire. But Morbius tries to explain that the love she has for him is a longing caused by the void where her soul once was. She doesn't listen to him and goes after Spider-Man, nearly turning him into a vampire himself, but Morbius agrees to let her turn him into a vampire if she leaves Spider-Man out of things. Spider-Man finds a piece of broken wood and contemplates driving it through Martine, but he can't go through with it, so Morbius pushes her into the stake.Angry for killing her, Spider-Man beats on Morbius, but Morbius knew that the woman Martine was died a long time ago. Morbius admits to Spider-Man that he has seen Spider-Man fighting on TV and thought that his blood may have healing properties, which could help him cure his friend Werewolf By Night. Morbius then apologizes and smashes the vial of blood. But Spider-Man can relate to losing his friends like Morbius and offers to give him more of his blood.The Gauntlet grows deadlier! It's Spider-Man versus Peter Parker when the two sides of Spidey go to war! Pete's a sworn defender of the freedom of the press--but the Web-Slinger needs to contain a certain news item about the new Vulture that could blow the city apart!Hiya, Retailers, Fred Van Lente here to tell you we could never let "The Gauntlet" get by without the return of another classic Spider-Man foe...THE SCORPION! She has brand new powers, a new modus operandi, and you won't believe her reason for tangling with Spidey-- Hm, what? Yes, we said "she." Why? Who did you think we meant?Spider-Man sees something flying through the sky like a meteor, and it lands in Central Park. When he investigates he finds the Juggernaut unconscious. The government comes along and transports the Juggernaut to a secure facility. Spider-Man sneaks into the facility to ask the Juggernaut who did this to him. Then a new Captain Universe breaks into the room and claims he's there to slay the Juggernaut.Spider-Man continues the fight until Juggernaut awakens and is able to continue himself.Spider-Man learns that Captain Universe is a man named William Nguyen who wants revenge on Juggernaut for ruining his life during one of his rampages. When he insists on trying to kill Juggernaut instead of fixing the tectonic plates beneath New York City, the Uni-Power leaves Nguyen and enters the Juggernaut. The Juggernaut, as Captain Universe, repairs the damage to the tectonic plates that was caused by him during the same rampage that ruined Nguyen's life. After the Uni-Power leaves him, Juggernaut apologizes to Ngyuyen. William Nyguyen is cleared of all charges with Matt Murdock as his attorney and William later writes a successful book.“Half-Man, Half-Reptile…the Lizard will take over all of Earth unless Spider-Man alone can stop him!” With these words, Dr. Curt Connors, the man who would be The Lizard, ushered a new kind of villainy into Spider-Man’s life. Now a widower with a son in foster care, and working at the bottom of the pharmaceutical industry, Connors is a broken, shell of a man…how long will it be before a Lizard breaks that shell?! How will it affect Peter Parker’s date with Carlie Cooper?! How is THE BLACK CAT involved? Zeb Wells and Chris Bachalo reunite to bring you the next great Spider-Epic as The Lizard returns!“SHED” CONTINUES AND YOU NEED TO BE THERE!! As the deadly Gauntlet nears its end, Spider-Man and the Lizard battle to a standstill with family all that stands between Curt Connors and the greatest mistake of his life.“SHED” CONTINUES! Bite by bite. Shred by shred. The Lizard slithers his way through Spidey’s life, destroying everything he…it…can. Plus, the Kraven family’s scheming begins to come to fruition.“SHED” CONTINUES! The new brutal, reptilian reality threatens to take down Peter Parker and the very man who set these violent wheels in motion. The Lizard as you know him is gone…in its place something even more dangerous. The “Grim Hunt” can now begin…Featured Characters:

Kraven's Lion's Head Vest
Spider-Man's Suit (Vision)Because of the mysterious roaming of animals in the streets, J. Jonah Jameson is hosting a press conference to advise all of New York City to stay indoors. One reporter interrupts him to point out that there are a swarm of spiders descending on him.Meanwhile, Peter Parker is contemplating what Sasha Kravinoff has done to his whole "spider family". Donning the black Spider-Man suit, he swings off to face his foes.At the Krainoff's mansion, Kraven the Hunter tells his family that though he is reborn, Spider-Man must be dealt with. As he dismisses his children and half-brother Chameleon, Sasha embraces her husband, exclaiming that it is wonderful to hear his voice again, before pledging her loyalty. Kraven snaps at her to take her hands off him before he cuts them off. Taken aback, Sasha acknowledges that he would never apologize and ask why does he hate her. Kraven pauses, before telling her to prepare for war.Outside, Chameleon has decided to leaveElsewhere, Arana spits on Grim Hunter after he starts sniffing her. Madame Webb tells her to calm down, for everything will be over soon. Arana cannot understand her crypticness of her sentence, fearing that she may die. Webb responds that all things die. Julia Carpenter cuts her off, warning her that not to try any Yoda wisdom on her, for Arana is terrified. Webb simply says that she is also much more, for tonight, everything will change. Sasha then storm in, accusing Webb of deceit. Webb simply toys with her, before saying that she sees nothing. Seeing that Webb has reached the end of her usefulness, Sasha slices her. Just before she could order Grim Hunter to take care of the others, the power goes out, as Webb says, that they have made 'The Spider' very angry.Next thing anyone knows, Chameleon is yanked out the window. Spider-Man then tangles with Grim Hunter. He then hits him in the nose with a rock, before facing Aloysha and Ana. He then finds Sasha, almost about to kill Webb, when she hallucinates him as her husband. As Spider-Man and Arana give chase to their foe, a dying Webb transfers her powers to Julia.Stalking Sasha, Spider-Man gets revenge for Kaine by ripping off her face, creating a scar in the shape of a hand. Ana attempts to assist her mother, only to be tackled by Arana. Kraven then comes forth to face his nemesis. While the two archfoes fight one another, Arana defeats both Sasha and Ana and Arana says that Sasha's family was watching her go crazy. Sasha realizes that the Kravenoff family wasn't hunting the spiders, but it was the spiders hunting them!Spidey soon has Kraven at his mercy, ready to use his own spear against him and end his life. Kraven whispers, "Thank you." However, Julia appears to stop him, showing him in a dark future that if he kills Kraven he will become a ruthless killer causing him to be kicked out of the Avengers, then "the web" will be broken. Ultimately, he will become estranged from his friends and family. By sparing Kraven, he will spar millions more.Kraven urges Spider-Man to end this, stating that unless he kills him, he cannot die. Ultimately, Spider-Man refuses, reminding his foe that he has a second chance at life and he should become a dentist or something. He then turns to his spider "sisters", telling them that they can drop the Kravinoffs off with the Avengers. However, the Kravinoffs disappear in a big flash.With the conclusion of the battle, all the animals in the city have calmed down. Because of the multiple spiders bites he received, Jonah quickly blamed Spider-Man for this whole disaster.At Potter's Field, Spider-Man (back in his blue and red costume), Julia (now blind and the new Madame Webb) and Arana (wearing Julia's costume), are at Kaine's grave. Julia promises that the Kravinoffs will be back, but the two of them will see her before then, as she vanishes from view. Spider-Man and Arana then swing off.The Kravinoffs have gathered in the Savage Land. Declaring that Sasha has made a mockery of his life and family, Kraven declares that she and the rest of the family will be hunted. If they prove strong enough to survive, then they would be determined to be worthy of being a Kravinoff. Sasha objects, at which Kraven snaps her neck. Grim Hunter reacts but is stabbed in the neck. This compels Alyosha to leave their company. Only Ana stays, wanting to prove her worth to her father and strengthen their family. She then goes chasing after her brother.Meanwhile, Kaine emerges from his grave with six extra eyes.The comic begins with a flash back to One More Day. It shows Mary Jane whispering to Mephisto. Back to present day, Mary Jane visits Peter at home with a bottle of wine. Peter awkwardly asks what Mary Jane is doing there. Peter mentions that ever since MJ came back that she has been distant. She agrees that she has been cold towards him recently. She tells Peter that she realises being cold isn't really helping the situation between them, so she came over to talk through it with him, to clear the air. Peter still acts awkward and MJ says she can leave if he wants her to. He stops her from going and tells her that he is glad to see her and that she is right about talking to each other. Peter explains that he has wanted to talk to MJ about everything but the scars are still there for him. MJ replies saying that the scars are with her as well.  Peter gets excited and tells her it's good she has the scars too, but realised after it came out of his mouth that it was the wrong thing to say. He immediately explains himself by saying he is just glad he is not in the situation alone. MJ explains that she wants to be a a part of Peter's life again, even though it could never be the same as it was before. She wants to be friends with Peter again but says there is an elephant in the room and it won't go away. Peter asks MJ if she has any regrets, she tells him that she could have been a better person to him. He interrupts her and asks if she has any regrets about never getting married. She says she doesn't exactly have regrets about it but she wonders what life would have been like if they had been married. Peter says he wonders that same thing too. Rewind several years to days before their wedding. Spider-man is swinging through the city when he comes across a group of squad cars surrounding a building. He sees a paddy wagon tipped on it's side, the back doors broken open. Spider-man thinks to himself that whoever escaped must be hiding within the surrounded building. A S.W.A.T team moves in and Spider-man decides to let them handle the situation, as they were highly trained for this very situation. As the S.W.A.T team nears the building, bolts of electricity smash through the window towards the officers; Spider-man decides to help. Inside the building a man is seen putting on a yellow and green outfit. He puts on a mask and we realise it's the super villain Electro. He breaks out of the building launching bolts at a squad car making it explode. He begins to shoot officers around him. A brave officer approaches Electro and tell him to freeze. Electro send a bolt right into the man's torso. One of Electro's henchmen sees that the cop is not dead so he aims a sub machine gun directly at the man. A web lashes out and pulls the gun from the man's hand and as he looks up to see the cause of the web another one snags him up by the back. Another henchman wonders where Eddie went and Spider-man shows him tied up to a street light as he shoots webs at the other men's guns. As Eddie is being thrown into the back of a squad car he hears the officer's last name and warns the cop that he knows people that know where he lives. A bird starts flapping it's wings and flying into the windshield, scaring Eddie. Somehow the bird phases through the glass and unlocks the cop car, setting Eddie free. This is obviously the work of Mephisto. Spider-man swings back to MJ's to say goodnight before he heads back to his place. Peter gets home and is unable to fall asleep. He begins to think about Gwen and how much being Spider-man has cost him. The next morning arrives and Peter is still awake as the phone rings. MJ calls to tell him about the gift she got from a friend, the gift being her wedding dress. MJ squeals about how excited she is and Peter replies with an unenthusiastic "me too". Hours later we come to find Eddie sitting in a bar communicating with some unsavoury characters. He holds up a card with the address of the cop that arrested him. The man he got the card from mentions that his employer considers the information a retainer for future services. MJ and Peter are out having lunch and he tells her about a bachelor party that Flash and Harry are throwing for him, while MJ says that she is having a bachelorette party. A bit later we find Peter, Flash, and Harry enjoying champagne at the Coffee Bean. Peter reveals to his friends that he is having doubts about the marriage. Flash gets angry and explains that he thinks about getting married all the time, and that all his foul-ups with women make marriage all the more desirable and precious. He tells Peter that if he has the chance to be married he has to take it. Flash asks Peter if he loves Mj. He replies by saying he desperately loves MJ. Flash then says that the question of marriage is settled. We then follow MJ at her party were a buff guys is bursting out of a cake, lots of men hitting on her. She says her fiancée wouldn't approve. Peter thanks his friends for the advice, Peter tells them that marriage may be a challenge but he was going to go through with it. When Flash and Harry are alone Flash mentions that Peter still seems to have a lot of doubts. Harry says he loves Peter like a brother, but he is about to marry the craziest party girl he's ever met, and that she will chew him up and spit him out. MJ is talking with a friend and as they talk MJ says that she can look forward to no more lonely nights. Back to present day, Peter asks if he did that a lot. MJ asks what and he says that he used to just swing out the window and leave MJ alone. Peter says he never meant to hurt her like he did and that thee are times that his life seems like on endless nightmare after another. Back to before the wedding we are shown Peter having a nightmare, where all his enemies are present at his wedding and begin attacking everyone he cares about. Peter wakes up and wonders what he is getting MJ into. He swings out and sits up on the side of a building when he starts to hear gunfire. Cut to a rooftop where a man is seen running from someone. It's the cop that Eddie wanted to kill. Eddie is chasing him and his wife and just as Eddie is about to pull the trigger on his wife, Spider-man interferes. The guy drops his gun and slams a cinder block right into Peter's skull. Eddie begins to run off and as he nears the edge of the building, a brick broke loose and Eddie began to fall. Spider-man has no time to stop the fall so he puts his body under Eddie's as the tumble to the ground. Spider-man is knocked out. The next morning it's the wedding, and Peter is nowhere to be found. As MJ worries we are shown spider-man still on the street, Eddie nowhere to be found.Note: Read synopsis of last issue. It's present day again and Peter asks MJ if he has to keep going with the story. She says there are things she wants to tell him but he has to finish his story first. Peter begins again and we find Spider-Man sitting on the edge of a building, head in his hands. He is freaking out about the marriage and wonders what he has just done. Peter tries calling MJ but she doesn't answer, he smashes his phone from frustration. He decides to see if she went back home, he starts to desperately swing towards where MJ lives, telling himself he has to make this right. He looks into MJ's window and sees she is not there, just the stuff she had packed to move in with Peter. Spider-Man begins swinging through the whole city looking for her, screaming her name. He decides to stop searching due to his pounding head after getting hit with the cinder block. He goes home and collapses on the floor. He finds MJ's veil on the floor next to him, she was here. She asks what the deal was, what happened to make him not show? She asks if it was cold feet and asks if she means that little to him. He tries to explain but she cuts him off. She screams at him to take his mask off if he wants to speak to her. He takes it off and she sees his swollen lip and black eye. She realises that he missed the wedding due to Spider-Man. She tells him that the fact he was gone wasn't any better, she thought it was worse for him to miss the wedding because of Spider-Man rather than him having cold feet. She asks Peter how many times Spider-Man had gotten between them.She mentions that she doesn't want to be Spider-Man's wife, she wants to be Peter's. She attempts to ask him if he can stop being Spider-Man, but he interrupts her telling her he can't. She screams at Peter and throws his mask at his face. Peter tries to grab her so she won't leave but it makes her scream more and she runs out and slams the door. Peter falls to his knees in front of the door. Back in the present, Peter tells MJ that he thought that was the last time he would ever see her. MJ says it is her turn to tell him her side. Back to the story, MJ is eating lunch with Aunt Anna. Aunt Anna guesses it took just 24 hours for MJ to get back on her feet. MJ remembers laying on the couch in her wedding dress, holding the tickets to Paris for their honeymoon. On the TV she sees Spider-Man saving a vehicle from dropping off the overpass. She throws the phone at the TV shattering it. At lunch, she explains it wasn't as simple as a matter of time. As MJ and Aunt Anna talk a little boy on the side walk jumps up wearing a Spider-Man shirt, exclaiming that he was Spider-Man. The little boy's mother picks him up and apologises, MJ shoots her a dirty look. Aunt Anna tells her that Peter is a good man, he was probably just scared. MJ is motivated by this to visit Peter again. She opens the door and sees that Peter's apartment was a mess. Peter tells her he hasn't left outside of Spider-Man stuff since the wedding day. She tells Peter about how she wanted kids, and also mentions that she now knows that she could never bring a child into a life like theirs. She said that although Peter wasn't abusive like her father, the whole life with Spider-Man was just as bad. She admits the only reason she wanted to get married was to have kids, and that she didn't have to be married to Peter to be with him. She tells Peter she still wants to be a part of his life. Back to the present, Peter thinks back to his past mistakes, noting that outside of Gwen's death, unmasking was the worst mistake he'd ever made. We finished the reason why they were never married, now it starts to explain how Aunt May was save and how the world forgot Peter's identity. He says he if had never unmasked Aunt May would not have been shot. He says it's not like he didn't try to fix it, as he went to Doctor Strange and fought with Iron Man. Doctor Strange tells him there is nothing he can do. Peter sits on Doctor Strange's doorstep and tells MJ it felt like the end of the world at that moment. We are taken to the hospital where MJ sees Peter walk in and asks if he is ok. They go outside and start to talk when Aunt May's heart monitor flat lines. Peter rushes in and as the doctor's try to revive her he sees them fail. He freaks out and decides to perform CPR on her anyway. A miracle occurs and as Peter is pressing her chest the heart monitor lights up again. He had saved her, and the doctor is baffled.In the hospital, the doctor explains to Peter that Aunt May is making a full recovery and that the love he’s shown for her could be what saved her life, especially since there was nothing they could do to help her. That night, while Peter and Mary Jane are sleeping beside Aunt May, a nurse alerts the Kingpin (in jail) about Aunt May’s condition. He makes a call to an unknown hit-man.Aunt Anna calls MJ from the hospital and alerts her about a noise she heard outside. MJ decides to go despite her aunt’s insistence otherwise. She arrives and discovers someone has broken in. From Aunt Anna’s bedroom she can hear the hit-man talking to an unconscious Anna about how he has to kill her in order to pay off his debt to the Kingpin, and blames her situation on her niece for being involved with Spider-Man. At the last minute, MJ hits him over the head with a vase and makes a run for it. She attempts to call Peter, but her phone battery is dead. She runs into a neighbor’s yard where she is bitten in the leg by their dog. The hit-man catches up to her but is attacked by another dog.Anna calls Peter and alerts him about her situation. He asks a nearby doctor to watch after his aunt and heads off to help Mary Jane. As MJ continues to run, the hit-man tells her that when he’s done with her and her aunt, he’s going after her sister Gayle, Gayle's kids, and her cousin Kristy. She trips and begs him to kill her and leave the rest of her family alone. He refuses and hits MJ on the head his gun, knocking her unconscious. Spider-Man comes to her rescue and discovers that the hit-man is Eddie.This incident teaches Peter that the Kingpin isn’t the only one who will target his family now that every villain he’s ever put behind bars knows his identity. He goes to Doctor Strange to heal Mary Jane and asks him to make the world forget he’s Spider-Man. He decides to think about it and goes to the Astral Plane to discuss it with Tony Stark and Reed Richards, who are both in a way responsible for his predicament.After the events that transpired after Peter Parker's reveal as Spider-Man, Doctor Strange consults via Astral Plane to Tony Stark and Reed Richards about Peter's situation and request of the world forget he's Spider-Man. While the three of them discuss what happened during Civil War, they all agree that the best way to help Peter is to use a powerful combination of science and magic to make a worldwide mindwipe.Strange arrives back to the Sanctum Sanctorum and asks Peter if he's sure to go along with the plan of the mindwipe which he agrees. Then Strange creates a forcefield to protect Peter from the effects so he can be the only one who retains the memories of all that transpired, but when the spell begins, he leaps out of the force field to bring Mary Jane along with him so she can remember everything as well. With the combined forces of Doctor Strange, Iron Man and Mr. Fantastic, the world has forgot that Peter Parker is Spider-Man.After the spell effects, Peter wakes up next to Mary Jane in a motel room (the same one after Back in Black/One More Day). When MJ wakes up and Peter explains, she angrily confronts Peter claiming why he didn't let her forget too and now she has to carry on all the painful memories of their lives together with the dangers of Spider-Man's identity, but in the end they realize that their love is stronger, but can't let it be as long as Spider-Man remains active. After their talk, Peter returns to Aunt May's hospital room to check on her and after talking with the same nurse he asked to watch for her, he finds that the spell worked and nobody remembers his identity as Spider-Man.Back in the present day, Mary Jane and Peter talk about everything that transpired. Much to Peter's overwhelming sadness, MJ says that the best way to remain together is to stay as the close friends they were when they first met and that he has to move on and find someone who can be with him both as Peter Parker and as Spider-Man - even though that person is right in front of him. Peter tries to protest, but MJ kisses and hugs him, saying they'll make it through this.In the end, Spidey reflects while web-swinging that the one person that has truly loved him has set him free and now he can face any challenge in front of him, making his life feel like a "Brand New Day".A five part spider-odyssey begins in ORIGIN OF THE SPECIES! With Peter Parker’s ONE MOMENT IN TIME behind him and Mary Jane back in his life, Spidey finds himself ready for a new start…but the various threads of his life since his BRAND NEW DAY are about to crash together violently. When Norman Osborn’s baby is born… every villain on the planet wants the first ever strain of pure Goblin blood, leaving Spider-Man’s friends and family exposed to a Sinister plan that threatens to bring down every strand or Peter’s life that’s been stitched together carefully over the past few years. It may be a cliché to say it…but after ORIGIN OF THE SPECIES absolutely nothing will be the same. Also this issue, we begin a series of covers by the brilliant Marko Djurdjevic that when all put together will form a giant wall-sized Spider poster featuring the people in Spider-Man’s life! Plus…the Spidey Sunday feature continues breaking the 4th wall of Web-swinging Wonder by legends Stan Lee and Marcos Martin (well, Stan’s a legend…Marcos is just a man who draws like one.)Featured Characters:


Supporting Characters:


Antagonists:


Other Characters:


Races and Species:


Locations:


Items:


Vehicles:

In the police station, a woman claims that Spider-Man kidnapped her baby. However, the police department realizes she one of the dozens that claims that the baby is theirs.As Spider-Man fights the Vulture, Freak attacks Vulture, allowing Spider-Man to escape. Suddenly, Spider-Man is attacked by Rhino.Meanwhile, at the Coffee Bean, Tombstone attacks Carlie and demands that she tells him Menace's real name. A group of cops and firemen appear to try to save Carlie, but Tombstone escapes and takes Shocker with him. Carlie decides not to tell about Lily being Menace and leaves, but not before hearing that Peter is not amongst the place's wreckage.In the Kravinoff mansion, Octopus talks with Chameleon, revealing that they have been tracking Spider-Man due to a small device called Octo-Tracker, Octopus's version of the Spider-Tracer.In 587 Park Avenue, Mary Jane takes Harry and Lily to their producer Shelly Hatton. Mary Jane convinces Shelly to let them use his panic room to protect Harry and Lily. Just as she is about to seal the room, Harry stops her, telling her that he has a plan.Spider-Man continues to fight Rhino and tries to keep the baby safe. Just as Rhino is about to attack, Spider-Man convinces him to let him take the baby to Avengers Mansion to protect the baby. Rhino accepts and Spider-Man arrives to the mansion. However, as he arrives, the baby is revealed to be a doll and a demonic baby attacks him. Spider-Man enters to the mansion's garden, but he suddenly realizes that the mansion and the babies are one of Mysterio's illusions. Knocking Mysterio out, Spider-Man remarks that the real Avengers Mansion would have security systems. As he swings away, Spider-Man finds Harry, who tells him to give him the baby. Spider-Man accepts and wraps some trash in baby blankets to confuse the villains. Then, Spider-Man is attacked by Vulture and Freak, who fall in the fake baby trap. Spider-Man defeats them and returns to Harry, who tells him that the baby is dead. Angry, Spider-Man vows to make Octopus and the villains pay. But as he swings away, Harry is revealed to be the Chameleon.In the police station, Hypno-Hustler tries to get the cops to protect him against Spider-Man. Suddenly, a ball of web containing Diablo, Overdrive and Spot comes rolling into the station. The lieutenant orders the villains to be incarcerated, saying that Spider-Man is not so friendly tonight.In Midtown, Spider-Man captures Screwball and Looter.In the Kravinoff mansion, Doctor Octopus talks with Chameleon, saying that the baby is the first of a new species. Due to that the serums inside Harry and Lily co-mingled when they reproduced, the baby is beyond Octopus' procurement.In 587 Park Avenue, Mary Jane and Lily are in Shelly Hatton's panic room, while Shelly protects them with a gun. Suddenly, Carlie enters Shelly's apartment, but they are attacked by Tombstone who enters the panic room. Lily rams Tombstone with her Menace glider.Spider-Man continues defeating villains until he finds Shocker, Sandman and the Enforcers in Pier 92. Destroying the pier, Spider-Man attacks Shocker, who tells him that Doctor Octopus is at Kravinoff Mansion. Going into the mansion, Spider-Man captures the Chameleon, who tells him that the baby is still alive and that the Lizard has him.Spider-Man arrives at the Lizard's hideout, as does Dr. Octopus. Stopping Doc Ock from attacking a hobo, Spider-Man tries to get Doc Ock to help him recover the baby. Doc Ock agrees, but Spider-Man then reveals that the Chameleon told him about the Octo-Tracer. He removes the Octo-Tracer and tosses it to Doc Ock, who attacks him. Spider-Man ties up his mechanical arms and throws him to a wall. Suddenly, Spider-Man is attacked by the Lizard. However, Spider-Man threatens to attack the Lizard with the Lizard serum if he doesn't give him the baby. Lizard agrees and reveals that he got a blood sample from the baby and found out that Norman Osborn is not the father. The Lizard then gives the baby to Spider-Man, saying that if Norman is not the father, then the baby is no use to him. Doc Ock then attacks the Lizard, while Spider-Man escapes with the baby.In 587 Park Avenue, the cops are taking Tombstone away while Mary Jane is receiving a test message from Peter that says that he is at the Avengers Tower with the baby and that she send Harry and Lily to the Tower. Mary Jane tells the news to Lily, who says that the reason she is called Menace is because she is a menace to everyone she cares about, and for that, she can't be in her baby's life. She then leaves in her Menace glider, but not before confessing her love for Harry and her son.In the Avengers Tower, Harry meets with Spider-Man, who tells him that Norman is not the baby's father. After some blood tests, Spider-Man discovers that Harry is the real father. Spider-Man allows Harry to keep the baby and start a new life. Also, Steve Rogers has used his connections with the government to clear Spider-Man of the kidnapping charges.Vin Gonzales has been released from prison and is drinking coffee in a diner. There, he sees a small memorial for Oksana, Rhino's wife. He tells the waitress that he gives thanks to his "higher power" for new beginnings.In an alley, Peter and Carlie is gathering things for Harry's going away party. Harry and his son Stanley are moving away for safety reasons. Carlie is still angry at Peter for having her worried during the event of Lily's baby. Later, Peter talks to Michelle about meeting Vin in the diner. Although Peter promises to get there in time, he soon sees Overdrive kidnapping Terri Hilman, the daughter of a powerful socialite. Since his costume is dirty after the battle with Doctor Octopus, Peter is forced to use a Halloween Spider-Man costume. Overdrive transforms the limousine he is driving into a copy of the Spider-Mobile. He then shoots Peter with webs, pinning him into a wall. However, Peter manages to take Overdrive out from the car and leave him hanging for the police. However, since he is still stuck to the wall, Peter has to take out his clothes to swing away, and Hilman threatens to sue Spider-Man.At the diner, Michelle apologizes to Vin for getting late, and finds that Peter got before her. There, they talk about what has happened after Vin was sent to prison. Later, Vin goest to the police departmant, where many cops still hate him. Vin finds Carlie and tells her that he needs her to listen to what he is saying.At the costume party in Aunt May's house, everyone is in costumes. Peter goes dressed as J. Jonah Jameson, Mary Jane as Jackpot, Flash Thompson as Spider-Man in a wheelchair, Carlie as Black Cat, Harry and his son Stanley as Doctor Octopus and Vin as a prisoner. Vin finds Harry and tells him that his father wanted Vin tell Harry to take care of Stanley. He reveals to Harry that Norman Osborn is his higher power. Carlie tells Peter that although she apologizes for making a scene the other day, she still means what she said. Peter goes to talk with Mary Jane, who tells him that Carlie went to ask advice from her about going out with Peter. Mary Jane said to Carlie that Peter has the right to be happy. Mary Jane tells Peter that he shouldn't be afraid of dating someone just because Spider-Man will interfere in the relationship. Peter then finds Carlie and asks if she would be his girlfriend. Carlie smiles and the two kiss.Spider-Man and the Avengers fight Doctor Octopus' army of macro-octobots. Meanwhile, J. Jonah Jameson and his wife Marla are being evacuated from the city hall, as they're being spied on by a mysterious man in armor.In New Jersey Andru Air Force Base, a flight squadron led by John Jameson Jr is being deployed to fight the macro-octobots. Commander Steve Rogers oversees this.In the battle, Spider-Man meets up with Black Cat, who flirts with him. Spider-Man declines her advances, remembering his newly-started relationship with Carlie Cooper.In New Jersey, Steve Rogers is revealed to be the Chameleon in disguise, aided by Electro. The two slip up some robots into the base, and contact Doctor Octopus, who is revealed to have formed a new Sinister Six group, along with Sandman, Rhino and Mysterio. Doc Ock calls off the macro-octorobot attack, saying that the attack was only a diversion form them to slip the robots into the base. He also says that the macro-octorobots gathered information about the Avengers. Doc Ock then sets the robots to self-destruct.Mr. Fantastic and Iron Man try to stop the detonation, saying that if they deactivate one robot, they can deactivate the others. while Spider-Man comes up with a fallback plan. He modifies the robot's built-in clock and synchronizes it with the current time. This resets the detonator, giving the Avengers the time they need. With the help of Quinjets, the Air Force and Thor, the Avengers get rid of the bombs and Spider-Man is praised by his efforts.Peter gets back to work to the Front Line, but Ben Urich can't pay him because the paychecks come by the end of the week. J. Jonah Jamaeson goes to the Front Line and informs Joseph Robertson that they bought the Daily Bugle name back from Dexter Bennet's shareholders and wants them to remake the Front Line building into the Daily Bugle.Peter goes to his apartment where he finds Michelle moving out. She says that since his brother is out on parole, she is going back to Chicago. This forces Peter to look for a new place to live.John Jameson Sr. and May Parker visit John Jameson Jr. and Marla. There, Marla talks with May and says that she has new job offer for Peter.Peter returns to his aunt's house, where he finds Marla. She takes him to meet Max Modell, the chief of Horizon Labs.In the Raft, Mac Gargan is separated from the Venom symbiote. There, they plan to study the symbiote, instead of giving it to the private sector. There, he meets Grady Scraps, who has been extracting light from reflective surfaces to turn mirrors into security cameras. He also meets Sanjani Jaffrey, who is inventing a machine that can create reverbium, an artificial version of vibranium. However, the machine emits a powerful wave that reflects the sonic vibrations and amplifies them. Peter and the others are caught in a small hurricane. However, Peter manages to turn the machine off. After a quick quiz, Peter is hired and receives his first paycheck.Later, Spider-Man uses his webs to create a hammock under the night sky and uses it to rest, planning to use his new paycheck to find an hotel suite to live.In the Kingpin's building, the Kingpin is informed by one of his agents about the incident in Horizon Labs. He then presents the Kingpin to his newest agent, the Hobgoblin.THE HOBGOBLIN’S BACK! You wanted him, you got him! And he’s ready to hit the BIG TIME too—with a whole new bag of tricks! Who’s under the mask this time? Is it Roderick Kingsley, Jason Macendale, or somebody else? Ready for another long, unfolding mystery with months of clues, red herrings, and shocking twists? Well tough! We’re showing you who he is in THIS ISSUE! Plus: What’s wrong with Mac Gargan? More trouble for Norah Winters. And Peter Parker makes good on a promise that goes back to AMAZING SPIDER-MAN #1! Guest-starring the BLACK CAT!The Hobgoblin is about to decapitate Spider-Man, but Bella uses his MP3 player to play a song. This counter's Hobgoblin's laugh, allowing Spider-Man to move again. Spider-Man then advises everyone to escape the building while he pursues the Hobgoblin. Chasing the Hobgoblin into Sanjani's lab, Spider-Man discovers that Hobgoblin is trying to steal the reverbium, the new metal Sanjani has been working on. Spider-Man tries to fight the Hobgolin with a large tuning fork, but he is still weakened by the Hobgoblin's laugh, allowing the Hobgoblin to defeat him and escape with the reverbium.With the Hobgoblin gone, the people return to the building. Peter takes off his costume and places it in his black box. Just as Max Modell comes in, he finds Peter in his underwear, listening to music with his headphones. Peter claims he didn't hear anything. Max accepts this and leaves.Meanwhile, the Hobgoblin returns to the Kingpin's lair. The Kingpin and Montana find out that the Hobgoblin is not Roderick Kingsley. However, the Kingpin decides to keep the new Hobgoblin, saying that he never liked Kingsley.In Horizon Labs, Max Modell orders the remaining reverbium samples to be destroyed, much to Sanjani's chagrin. Peter asks Sanjani if reverbium can be destroyed and she answers that the only thing that can destroy it is antartic vibranium, the anti-metal. Peter then calls Black Cat through an encrypted phone and tells her that he needs her help to steal back the reverbium the Hobgoblin stole from Horizon Labs. Black Cat accepts. Also, Peter then tells her that he will be ready when he fights the Hobgoblin again.Phil Urich returns to the Daily Bugle. He then shows Norah Winters and Ben Urich the video of the new Hobgoblin in his camera. Norah tells Randy Robertson about this and they kiss, much to Phil's chagrin.Meanwhile, Peter is working in his lab when Carlie and Mary Jane come in and bring some food to Peter. They eat and talk about their plans, when Peter recieves a call from Black Cat, who tells her that she has interrogated a goblin gangbanger. Black Cat says to Peter than the buyer for the reverbium is the Kingpin. He is keeping the reverbium on his building.Unknown to Black Cat, Hobgoblin kills the thug she just interogated earlier.Black Cat reaches the Fisk Building and she finds a pair of goggles left by Spider-Man. She puts them on and sees Spider-Man wearing a new suit. He tells her that his new suit can warp light and sound, making him invisible and immune to sonic attacks. Spider-Man then says they have the element of surprise.Hobgoblin informs Kingpin and Montana that Spider-Man and Black Cat are coming and that they will try to steal back the reverbium. Kingpin contacts Tiberius Stone, who is monitoring the reverbium. Stone replies that everything is fine, but the communication between him and Kingpin is cut off. Spider-Man and Black Cat break in and defeat some Hand ninjas. Spider-Man goes to find the reverbium, while Black Cat tries to find Kingpin. Kingpin dispatches his forces to stop them. Hobgoblin and a group of ninjas try to find Spider-Man, but Spider-Man defeats the ninjas. However, Hobgoblin uses his goblin laugh to attack Spider-Man. Meanwhile, Black Cat finds Kingpin and Montana. She tries to ambush them, but Montana traps her with his whip.Hobgoblin tries to use his goblin laugh again, but Spider-Man activates his suit's secondary mode, protecting him against the goblin laugh. Hogoblin then attacks Spider-Man with his fire sword, but he evades the slash.Black Cat defeats Montana, but she is attacked by Kingpin. Stone realizes that the fight between Spider-Man and Hobgoblin begins destroying the equipment being used to keep the reverbium in check. Spider-Man shoots Hobgoblin's fire sword with a spider-tracer made of anti-metal, which completely melts the sword. Hobgoblin unleashes a powerful screams that sets off the reverbium, which will create a shockwave capable of destroying the building and some city blocks. Hobgoblin and Stone flee, leaving Spider-Man to shoot the reverbium with anti-metal spider-tracers. Spider-Man notes that although he can't stop the initial shock, the spider-tracers can destroy the reverbium before it spreads. Spider-Man then contacts Black Cat, telling her to get out of the building. She says that she is trapped in the top floor with the Kingpin, so Spider-Man goes to save her.Spider-Man reaches the top floor and rescues Black Cat before the floor collapses. Hobgoblin manages to save Kingpin, but Montana falls to his death.Hobgoblin takes Kingpin to Shadowland in Hell's Kitchen. There, Hobgoblin is made Kingpin's right-hand man. Hobgoblin then meets with the Tinkerer, who offers to make new weapons for him. However, the new weapons will cost a lot of money, more than Kingpin pays Hobgoblin.Later, Phil gives his Hobgoblin footage to Robbie Robertson and manages to get Norah to have dinner with him after Robbie gives him a small bonus.In Horizon Labs, Peter is congratulated by Max Modell for his counter-measures for the reverbium. Later, at his apartment, Peter and Carlie prepare to go to dinner with Aunt May and John Jameson, Sr. At the restaurant, Peter says that he can't have wine, because he's got work tomorrow. Peter then ponders that he has finally hit the big time.Peter, May, Jay and Mary Jane watch Carlie at her roller derby match. Mary Jane watches how Peter is, noting that Peter hasn't been happy for a long time. After ages, Peter finally managed to balance his civillian life, superhero duties and get a girlfriend. However, she recognizes that he did it all of that without her. Mary Jane then shrugs off those feelings and decides to be happy for Peter and Carlie.In New Jersey, the Spider-Slayers arrive at the the Andru Air Force base, as they are monitored by Alistair Smythe. They watch as J. Jonah Jameson arrives at the base. Jameson and Marla talk about the launch. Marla says that Max Modell is monitoring the launch. Jameson and Marla then meet with John and Max Modell, who tells him that Peter will be coming to the launch.After the roller derby match ends, Peter and Carlie skate together, but Peter ignores his spider-sense to make Carlie think that he isn't good at it. As Carlie goes to the showers, Peter then uses his spider-sense to skate properly, just as Mary Jane comes to see him. Peter and Mary Jane talk about him revealing his secret to Carlie. Although Mary Jane says that he should tell her, Peter replies that she must know him as Peter, not as Spider-Man. Carlie arrives and Mary Jane leaves the two. Peter and Carlie leave the court, and Carlie says to Peter that she is good friends with Spider-Man. Peter then realizes that with all the people Carlie has lost or gone away, Spider-Man is the closest thing she has to a best friend. Carlie says that they should pair Spider-Man with Mary Jane. Surprised, Peter accidentally hits his face against a door.The next day, Peter comes to the launch. As Max Modell and Peter preapre for the launch, Peter's spider-sense goes off. Peter runs off as the launch starts prematurely. Suddenly, one of the scientists is revealed to be one of the Spider-Slayesrs. All the Spider-Slayers attack the base and Smythe reveals himself to Jameson. The Spider-Slayers then attack Jameson and Jay, but Spider-Man appears to defend them. Jameson demands Spider-Man to save his son. Knowing that John doesn't have a chance to defend himself, Spider-Man goes to save him. Shooting a web, Spider-Man manages to cling to the shuttle. Suddenly, he is attacked by Mac Gargan, the Scorpion.Jameson and Jay escape from the base in Jameson's limo as the Spider-Slayers attack them. Spider-Man and Scorpion fight in John's shuttle. Spider-Man tries to call the New Avengers with his communicator, but he gets connected to Squirrel Girl, who is taking care of Danielle Cage. Frustrated, Spider-Man hangs up and continues fighting Scorpion. Spider-Man then tricks Scorpion into smashing the fuel intake hatch.Max Modell makes contact with John, who tells him that, outside the comm channel, the shuttle is out of control.However, one of Doctor Octopus's octorobots has stowed into the shuttle. Octopus notes that if John doesn't survive, he will not be able to complete the octahedral in time. So, he uses the octorobot to allow John to regain control of the shuttle.The shuttle's boosters uncouple, separating Spider-Man from Scorpion. This leaves Spider-Man in free fall, however. Suddenly, he is saved by Ms. Marvel.Frustrated that the shuttle regain control, Smythe then claims that his Spider-Slayers will attack all of Jameson's friends and family.Spider-Man and the New Avengers then fight the Spider-Slayers to defend Jameson, who says that his wife Marla is also in danger. Spider-Man then remembers that Marla is taking Aunt May to the spa today.  While Luke Cage and Iron Fist remain behind to protect Jameson, Spider-Man boards the Quinjet and tells Jewel and Ms. Marvel to fly over to the Daily Bugle and defend it while he goes to the spa. Ms. Marvel and Jewel arrive at the Daily Bugle, while Spider-Man, the Thing and Mockingbird fight the Spider-Slayers at the spa. After the New Avengers notice that these Spider-Slayers can predict their moves, Spider-Man then realizes that Smythe must have found a way to replicate his spider-sense. Spider-Man asks the Thing to protect Aunt May and Marla while he goes to get something that might stop the Spider-Slayers.Spider-Man goes to Horizon Labs, changing into Peter. There, he finds Max Modell who tells him that they must talk about "him and Spider-Man."John arrives at the Apogee One, Horizon Labs' orbital space platform. As he gets off the shuttle, Doctor Octopus's octorobot comes out too.At Horizon Labs, Max talks with Peter about his connection with Spider-Man. Peter thinks that Max figured out his secret, but Max then says that Spider-Man hired Peter to build his weaponry and tech. He also promises not to reveal his secret. Relieved that Max didn't discover his secret, Peter begins to work on his device and Max tells him what he can do to improve the design. As they finish the device, Max says that the device can devastate the Spider-Slayers's sixth-sense. Peter thanks Max for helping him. Max warns Peter that if Spider-Man is within the device's blast radius when it detonates, it will also disintigrate his enhanced senses.Peter changes into Spider-Man and swings to the rescue. Communicating with the Thing, Spider-Man says that he has something that can defeat the Spider-Slayers. The Thing replies that Mockingbird is down.As Marla and May take refuge from the battle, Marla scavenges an automated mandroid to counteract the latest model and help the Thing.Spider-Man contacts Jameson, telling him to go to a safe place, but Jameson refuses.In the Daily Bugle, Norah and Phil escape while Robbie Robertson tries to lure away the Spider-Slayers as he realizes that they are after him.Spider-Man realizes that the Flatiron Building not only is the place where the Spider-Slayers have been coordinating their attacks, but is also the place where the insect-sense disruptor can have the greatest impact. As he sets up the disruptor, Scorpion attacks him.At the spa, Marla uses a device to emit a microwave frequency that paralyzes the Spider-Slayers, allowing the Thing to finish them off.At the Daily Bugle, Robbie tells Ms. Marvel and Jewel to take him as far as possible to lure the Spider-Slayers away to prevent any further damage to the building. Jewel then grabs Robbie and they escape.At the Flatiron Building, Spider-Man fights the Scorpion. Using his tail, Scorpion smashes Spider-Man wrist-detonator, preventing him from activating the disruptor remotely. Spider-Man is forced to activate the disruptor manually. The disruptor emits a powerful shockwave that destroys the insect-sense of all the Spider-Slayers. Afterwards, Spider-Man knocks the Scorpion out so that he can help the others.May, Jay, Jameson, Marla, the Thing, Ms. Marvel and Jewel gather in the street. Suddenly, the aricraft Smythe used to coordinate his attack crashes down nearby. One of the pieces hits Spider-Man in the head. Surprised that his spider-sense didn't warn him about, Spider-Man realizes that the disruptor also destroyed his spider-sense. Smythe then comes out of the ship, saying that the disruptor didn't have effect on him since he doesn't have an insect-sense. Smythe then attacks Jameson, saying that he was willing to let him live with the deaths of all his loved ones, but know he will kill him. However, Marla pushes Jameson out of the way and is mortally stabbed by one of Smythe's tentacles. Spider-Man then knocks Smythe out.Jameson cradles Marla in his arms. On her last breath, Marla tells Jameson not to blame anyone for what happened to her. She tells him not to let hatred to ruin his life. She then dies on Jameson's arms. Spider-Man tells Jameson he is sorry. Grief-stricken, Jameson replies that he won't blame him from this. This is all his fault.Marla Jameson's alarm goes off in the morning. She is no longer there to turn her alarm off. Jonah lays in their bed, alone now. He slowly gets up and turns Marla's alarm off. A pair of her glasses lay on her nightstand. Jonah gets ready for the procession. Peter Parker is getting ready too. He puts his Spidey suit on under his clothes, but after looking at himself in the mirror, takes it off. He heads out the door in just a suit, for the first time in a very long time. Martha and Randy Robertson arrive at the Daily Bugle to pick up Robbie. Randy has a broken foot because of last week's attack. He is suffering, but still not as much as others. Robbie holds his wife's hand in the car on the way there. Glory Grant is acting as an usher to greet Peter and Carlie when they arrive with May and Jay. It seems as if the entire city is in attendance. Finally, Jonah arrives at his wife's funeral.Jonah is solemn as his wife is lowered into the ground. He continues to stare at her plot until he thinks everyone else eventually leaves. But Peter is still there, watching Jonah from a distance. That night, at 2 in the morning, Peter finally is able to fall asleep...The burglar who killed Uncle Ben is running past him. Or rather, the burglar who will ultimately kill Uncle Ben, that is. Spider-Man is dreaming. Spidey tries to catch the burglar, before he can kill Uncle Ben, but he's just out of Spidey's reach. But then, Uncle Ben shows up and stops him. He tells Peter that it's okay, that he's at peace, that he's with Peter's parents now. Peter sees his parents sitting in the kitchen of Aunt May's house. He runs towards them, but when they turn around, they don't have faces, because Peter doesn't remember them anymore. The burglar is there though, and Peter remembers his face clearly, but he doesn't know why the burglar is in his house. "Dead is dead," says Uncle Ben. The burglar heads up a flight of stairs with Spidey's parents and uncle. Aunt May starts to go up the stairs too, but Peter stops her. Aunt May changes into Marla Jameson, and asks if Peter would've found a way to save her had she been May.Marla reassures Peter that she'll come back to life, since she used to build Spider-Slayers, "and super villains always come back." Peter says she's a good person, to which she replies that she must be dead for real, then. Peter chases after her and ends up in a version of New York filled with people who have died. Sally Avril, Nick Katzenberg. Nathan Lubensky asks how May is doing. Even the Spider-Mobile is there. George Stacy reminds Peter that he promised to keep Gwen safe, and Peter failed. Martha Connors, Billy Connors, Jackpot, Lisa Parfrey, publicist Sean Rockwell. Gwen Stacy. Peter runs after Gwen. He moves past Ben Reilly, Kaine, Ned Leeds, Timothy Harrison, Mattie Franklin, Frederick Foswell, Lance Bannon, the Bookie, Jean DeWolff, and Bennett Brant. As he pushes through Oksana Sytsevich and Ezekiel to get to Gwen, he encounters a woman he doesn't initially remember. But then he does. It's Charlie, the only person he's killed.He killed her by accident, but he never wanted to kill anyone. To which the Green Goblin arrives to call his bluff. Peter is now on a cliff, and the Goblin has Gwen, so Peter attacks him. Gwen asks Peter why he couldn't even kill for her sake? A dead Goblin then throws a dead Gwen off a bridge, taunting Peter for not being dark enough. Peter reaches out, but Kraven's hand grabs him instead. Peter is now in a graveyard as he and the Goblin watch Kraven, Mysterio, and the Jackal crawl out of a grave. They tell him that they'll beat him one day because they always come back, because Peter can't kill them. The 4 undead villains are then promptly shot, and Peter arrives in a 60's diner with the criminal Scourge, who is killing more bad guys. Scourge says this will free up Spidey's time. Punisher is off to the side killing Stilt-Man, who wasn't even bothering anyone. And in the corner, Wolverine kills Hornet, who was a good guy.Spidey says that's not the way, but Captain America appears on a TV and says that even he killed Nazis back in WW2. Cap then gives a report on the Sentry killing Carnage, back when the New Avengers were formed. Spidey tells Sentry that Carnage came back to life anyway, but Sentry says that for the years Carnage was dead, he didn't kill anyone. Sentry says Spidey had the power to stop him, but Spidey says Sentry had so much power that he became corrupted and turned into the Void. Sentry transforms into the Carnage symbiote who then says "I wouldn't change a thing! Tell me... can you say the same?"The burglar who killed Uncle Ben is running past him again. This time, Spider-Man catches him and beats him bloody, but suddenly the burglar turns into a disfigured Uncle Ben. Uncle Ben says that by killing someone, Peter would also be killing everything that Ben gave to him. Ben's teachings. Ben's love and pride for him. He'd be killing all that if he ever resorted to murder. Marla Jameson, surrounded by everyone from the dream-New York, asks Peter what he'll do now. Peter wakes up, screaming silently.The next day, Peter makes a promise to Marla. "No One Dies." No matter what!Just then, across town, a new villain kills someone. His name is Massacre.Spider-Man arrives at the hostage site, where Captain Yuriko Watanabe and the police force are blockading the bank. He tries to reason with Massacre, but he simply tries to shoot Spider-Man down. Spider-Man, without his spider-sense, barely avoids the gunshots. He then manages to tag Massacre with a spider-tracer, but he gets shot in the stomach. With Spider-Man injured, the police is forced to let Massacre go. A cop discovers Massacre's escape route. As the police searches for Massacre in the sewers, Spider-Man realizes that without his spider-sense, his spider-tracers are useless.As Spider-Man visits Night Nurse to get his bullet wound treated, Night Nurse is surprised that Spider-Man can now afford her services, even though she wants to keep him as one of his pro bono cases. As he leaves, Paladin tells Spider-Man that needs to grow a thicker skin.In City Hall, J. Jonah Jameson makes a eulogy for the people who died in Massacre's raid. He then talks to a boy named Liam, whose mother was during the bank when Massacre attacked. Jonah assures Liam that Massacre is dead. He then requests Alistair Smythe to receive the death penalty, effectively imposing a zero tolerance policy on murderers.As Peter returns to Horizon Labs, Uatu shows him that Max Modell has been talking to Captain Watanabe about the recent events. Modell shows Watanabe his new criminal detector app, S.I.S., which he uses to identify Massacre. Peter, Uatu, Modell and Watanabe discover that Massacre's real name is Marcus Lyman and that he used to be one of Ashley Kafka's patients. According to Dr. Kafka's file, Lyman had a wife and they were both traders for a Wall Street firm. Suddenly, they were involved in a car explosion, which killed Lyman's wife and embedded a shrapnel piece in his head. The head trauma and the loss of his wife caused Lyman to lose all sense of morality. Captain Watanabe then receives a phone call, informing her that Massacre attacked again. Peter goes to face Massacre.At the hostage site, Spider-Man uses a new armor against Massacre. Spider-Man's armor is bulletproof and can shoot webs that block radio frequencies. After defeating Massacre, Spider-Man sees that NYPD sharpshooters about to shoot Massacre. Spider-Man saves Massacre and delivers him to the police. Jameson berates Spider-Man for saving the life of a murderer, but Spider-Man replies that they are the good guys and that they can't play God. Jameson replies that he always thought Spider-Man was a criminal, but now he thinks that he is an idiot. Spider-Man simply swings away. At a rooftop, Spider-Man ponders that he is no longer fighting for the dead people he failed to. He is now fighting for the living.Spider-Man arrived at the Baxter Building, where he was caught by the security system. Reed, Sue, and Ben deactivated the security system and talked with Peter about Johnny's death.As they drank coffee, the four talked about their adventures with Johnny.  Ben told the story of Spider-Man and the FF fighting Krakatoom in the forest.  Spider-Man covered him in webs while the Fantastic Four used their powers to dissipate him.  Later, Spider-Man agreed to stay and camp with the Four.  Spider-Man and Johnny played pranks on one another, eventually playing a prank on Ben together.Sue then told another story.  While hunting for the Frightful Four, Johnny was signing autographs for his fans when Spider-Man appeared and pulled Johnny's pants down in front of his fans.  Suddenly, the Frightful Four appeared and attacked the three.  During the battle, Sue de-pantsed them, and in the end, the police arrested her alongside the Frightful Four for indecent exposure.  Spider-Man and Johnny later bailed her out and drove her home.Reed then told the story of when he and Johnny invited Spider-Man for the launch of their new "faster than light" skiff.  Traveling through space, the three found a green star going nova, which Reed dubbed the "Banner Nova."  The ship broke down, so Spider-Man and Reed went to repair it while Johnny protected them from the radiation.  They barely managed to repair the ship all due to Johnny's insight on engines, and they escaped.  Later, Johnny expelled all the energy he absorbed from the star at a safe distance while Spider-Man remarked that "He really is a bright guy."Later, Reed showed Peter the very end of Johnny's recorded video.  In it, Johnny told Peter that he was sorry for dying because he knew how death affects him.  However, he left Peter his most prized possession: his spot on the team and in the family.  Johnny's hologram joined hands with Reed, Sue, Ben, and Peter, with one final "Got ya" uttered from Johnny.Peter is about to have sex for the first time with Carlie, however, the two have doubts. Suddenly, Peter sees the Future Foundation flare signal in the sky, at the same time Carlie receives a text message from Captain Watanabe of the police. They both go to their respective jobs.Peter goes to Horizon Labs to recover his Spider-Man suit. Once there, Max Modell talks with Peter, saying that Grady and Sanjani are complaining that Peter's new science experiment borrows heavily from theirs. Peter agrees to share credit with them and goes to his office. Peter then puts on his costume and goes to the Baxter Building.In the Baxter Building, Spider-Man shows his Fantastic Four costume to the Reed, Sue and Ben. However, they tell him that they are not the Fantastic Four anymore, so Spider-Man changes into his Future Foundation costume.As the team launches the Fantasticar, Reed explains the mission to them. There are three rifts in the space-time continuum, one in the microverse, another in the distant future, and another on present-day Earth. The first rift is in Paris, France.In Paris, France, the team and Arkon defeat several monsters and return them to Arkon's dimension. After the mission, a mime makes fun of Ben, so Sue traps him in one of her force fields. As the team leaves France, Spider-Man sends a voice message to Carlie, saying that Horizon Labs sent him on a business trip.In the microverse, the team helps Superego the Living Atom to stabilize herself before she explodes and tear into the team's dimension. The team succeed and leave the microverse, but Psycho-Man intercepts their coordinates and obtains the key to enter their dimension.The team the goes to the future, where they enter the Baxter/Rextab, the first ever palindromical architecture and home of the Future-Future Foundation. There, they meet their members, Captain Wakanda, Yancy, Mega-Storm, Supremo and Xandar. Captain Wakanda tells the present team that the rift is being caused by an advanced version of Hank Pym's dimensional wave inducer. Reed fixes it, and the entire experience gives Peter ideas for his work at Horizon Labs. However, Reed tells him that he can't use either future or off-world technology in the present.Meanwhile, Carlie goes to Horizon Labs to visit Peter. She plans to send him some snickerdoodles to his business destination. However, Flo says that Peter hasn't been sent anywhere, surprising Carlie.The Future Foundation arrives at the Caribbean, in Earth. There, Reed locates the epicenter of the dimensional anomalies the Future Foundation has been fixing. As the team explores the island, they are attacked by villagers. However, the village chief stops them and recognizes the team as the Fantastic Four. The chief tells them that there are strange events happening in a nearby mountain.In New York, Carlie is playing in a roller derby match. There, she accidentally injures an opponent and her team gets a penalty. Carlie is benched and she talks with her teammates about how Lily and her father lied to her. And now, she believes Peter is cheating on her. However, her teammates comfort her and advise Carlie to spend the night with them.In the Caribbean, the team reaches the mountain, and Spider-Man admits to the team that he no longer has his spider-sense, but Reed tells him that he can create a technological replacement. Suddenly, the FF is attacked by zombie pirates.In the Baxter Building, Franklin and Valeria lead their own team to help the FF. Franklin and Valeria reveal that the dimensional anomalies the FF has been fixing had no natural connection with each other. However, some outside force wants the FF to think they did. They also carry a tachyon pack that can stabilize the source of the dimensional anomalies.In the Caribbean, one of the zombies claims that they are after the treasure of Blackbeard. Spider-Man then tells Ben that the zombies believe that he is Blackbeard.In New York, Carlie and her friends get drunk and go to a tattoo shop. There, Carlie tells the Sylvia, the tattoo artist, to mark her with a Goblin tattoo. Despite Sylvia telling her that the Goblin tattoo has a very specific connotation, Carlie doesn't care.In the Caribbean, Spider-Man announces that Blackbeard (actually, Ben in disguise) has arrived, much to Reed and Sue's embarrassment. Still, the zombie pirates attack them. However, Franklin and Valeria arrive with their team to help the FF. When Franklin says that the situation is like Scooby Doo, Sue and Spider-Man then realize Franklin actually has a point. Using her invisibility powers, Sue reveals one of the zombies is actually Mysterio in disguise. Also, the village chief is actually the Chameleon in disguise. Suddenly, the Sinister Six appear.The Future Foundation continues the fight against the Sinister Six. Suddenly, Spider-Man and Ben realize that Doctor Octopus, Rhino, Sandman and Electro are robots and that Mysterio and Chameleon are the only ones present at the Caribbean.Meanwhile, Doctor Octopus and the others infiltrate the Baxter Building. Doctor Octopus's plan involves using the Baxter Building's technology.In the Caribbean, the dimensional rifts cause Sue, Ben and Reed to change powers. Spider-Man is dressed a suit that resembles that of Spider-Woman. Sue uses the tachyon pack Franklin and Valeria brought with them to close the rift, returning everyone to normal. With the trouble solved, the FF returns home.At Tribeca, Carlie asks Peter where did he really go, and Peter answers that it's a secret. Carlie is outraged for thinking that Peter is lying to her, but suddenly reveals her tattoo, one of Spider-Man. Carlie says that she was going to get a Goblin tattoo but changed her mind at the last moment. Peter says that she has the sexiest tattoo he has ever seen, and they kiss.As the Future Foundation gets ready to depart for a new mission, Spider-Man sees Alex teaching the FF kids in a classroom. Remembering when he was a school teacher, Spider-Man asks Reed if he can teach the next class. However, Reed declines.The FF then goes to their mission: defeat a giant gorilla attacking a bridge. Spider-Man and Ben fight the gorilla while Reed and Sue investigate the creature. Suddenly, Giant-Man appears and defeats the gorilla. Hank then asks Ben in helping him teach his students in the Avengers Academy. However, Ben declines, as he believes he is not fit for teaching. Spider-Man offers to be the substitute teacher, and Hank accepts.Later, Peter and Carlie skate together. Peter tells Carlie that maybe he should go back to teaching, but he is not sure since he loves his job in Horizon. Carlie tells him that he will be a great teacher.The next day, Spider-Man goes to the Avengers Academy and begins his class. The class goes badly since Spider-Man's superhero advice cannot apply to the students. Spider-Man suggests that they patrol the city and they accept.As they patrol, the students take down a bunch of muggers attacking a woman. However, Spider-Man criticizes them for being too violent. Suddenly, Psycho-Man appears and Spider-Man discovers that he is spreading fear, hate and self-doubt among him and the students. Spider-Man also discovers that Psycho-Man infects the muggers with hate.The students attack Psycho-Man, but he infects them with fear. Spider-Man overcomes the fear and destroys Psycho-Man's control box. However, Psycho-Man reveals that his powers come from him, not his control box. Spider-Man is then attacked by the students, still under Psycho-Man's control.Spider-Man tries to free the Avenger students from Psycho-Man's control. Suddenly, Reptil transforms into a dinosaur, which releases him from Psycho-Man's control for a moment. Reptil tells Spider-Man that when in dinosaur form, Reptil's brain chemistry changes, making him harder for Psycho-Man to control. Psycho-Man then regains control of Reptil and makes the students attack innocent bystanders.Spider-Man defends the bystanders from the students. Then, Reptil attacks him, but Spider-Man reasons with him, saying that he is a hero. This frees him of Psycho-Man's control and he tries to reason with Veil, reminding them of their promise not to letting themselves to be control by anyone ever again. Freed, Veil uses her powers to free the other students. The students then attack Psycho-Man and destroy his body. However, Spider-Man reveals that the Psycho-Man they destroy was a robot and the real Psycho-Man shrunk back to the microverse. Spider-Man and the students return home.Later, Spider-Man and the students tell Giant-Man what happened. Spider-Man says that he is a bad teacher, but the students says that they had the best school day ever with him. They also say that Spider-Man never gave up on them. Impressed, Giant-Man plans to make Spider-Man's visits to the Academy a regular thing, but Spider-Man and the students turn him down.In Queens, NYC, Anti-Venom is chasing down a lead at the docks to bust a drug smuggling operation run by Mister Negative, aka Martin Li. But when he arrives, he spots Negative's goons running for their lives. Anti-Venom grabs one of them, who claims that the Wraith is after him. Surprised that the thug is more scared of the ghost of Jean DeWolff than him, he throws his captive in the water. At the moment, a female Wraith pounces on one of the goons, Ronnie Chin and attempts to force him to reveal how Mister Negative is conducting his drug trade. She shows her face to be really Jean DeWolff and disappears into mist, just as Anti-Venom spots her.The next morning, Peter Parker and Carlie Cooper are getting up from bed. The latter gets going to the same crime scene where Wraith was. Meanwhile, Peter heads to Horizon Labs, where he tests an impact resistant helmet. He then goes to his private lab to figure out what other gadgets to create for Spider-Man. He comes up with web shooters that can fire both a barrage and a wide net. He then sneaks out of Horizon as Spider-Man and buys a copy of the American Science Journal and goes crazy that he's featured in the magazine. He calls his Aunt May, who is handing out copies of the magazine with Jay Jameson. However, the place they are at is the F.E.A.S.T. shelter, where Anti-Venom in disguise is staking out Mister Negative/Martin Li. Negative goes out as Li and shakes May's hand. Contact causes her to briefly remember seeing Li execute one of his lackeys before he erased it, causing her to pass out. Anti-Venom berates himself for not acting quickly enough.Meanwhile, in Queens, Chin confesses everything to the police, out of fear that Wraith will get to him. Carlie pulls Captain Watanabe aside, reminding her that back when Mysterio was faking people coming back from the dead, Jean's face was the next on his list and only Watanabe, Carlie and Spider-Man knew about it. Watanabe claims that she destroyed the mask. Carlie then secretly slips her cell phone into her captain's pocket.Back at the shelter, as May is wheeled into an ambulance, Negative/Li takes the opportunity to drive off in his limousine. An enraged Anti-Venom then takes the opportunity to pounce. Spider-Man spots him on the way to see Aunt May. But his interference allows Negative/Li to escape. Anti-Venom admonishes Spider-Man for letting Negative get away and starts pounding him into unconsciousness.Anti-Venom has Spider-Man all webbed up in a former meth lab that he shut down. But when he tries to take off his mask, believing that if they are going to be partners then they should have no secret identities, it sticks like glue. Exasperated, Anti-Venom states that he will get proof that Mister Negative is Martin Li, which Spider-Man doesn't believe because of Li's philanthropic background. As Anti-Venom leaves, Spidey snatches a bottle of acetone to melt the webbing.Meanwhile, Wraith shakes down Ben Rothner in his antiques shop and intimidates him into spilling the beans by showing her face. Unknown to either of them, Carlie Cooper is spying on them. To Carlie, she is doubtful that this is the real Jean DeWolff back from the dead given that she has a heat signature, as seen through her infrared binoculars.At Columbia Presbyterian, where Aunt May is recovering, she and Jay see a newscast involving Mayor Jonah Jameson is presenting Li's donation of Chinese terracotta warriors to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. On the scene is Norah Winters and Randy Robertson. However, Phil Urich turns up, angry that Randy stole his job as cameraman. Norah appeases him by asking for his help in interviewing Li, which he agrees to. But in his Hobgoblin head, he figures that he must deal with Randy.One of Mr. Negative's Inner Demons walks up to inform him that they got clear, unrestricted access to extract their "product" from the statues. Unknown to Negative, Anti-Venom is in disguise as a security guard, realizing that this is how Mr. Negative smuggles his drugs. He returns to his lair and webs up Spider-Man just as he had freed himself.Meanwhile, Carlie goes to the evidence locker back at the precinct. Though the officer on duty claims that the superhuman gadgets that were held in there were destroyed by a pumpkin bomb, Carlie reads from the records that Captain Watanabe was inside at the time of the "accident".At the museum, Anti-Venom glues Spidey to a statue, promising to bring in Negative/Li as proof that he's not crazy. As he goes searching for his quarry alone, he is ambushed, stabbed through the chest with a corrupted katana which disables Anti-Venom's healing powers since it was the healing touch of Mister Negative's alter-ego that helped create the Anti-Venom suit. Meanwhile, Wraith frees Spidey and together, they go to assist Anti-Venom. But since Mister Negative had disabled the alarms in the storage section, Spidey pulls off a painting not in storage, triggering the alarm. Enraged, Mr. Negative throws his Devil's Breath gas, thinking that he had keyed it to Spidey's DNA after drawing blood from their last encounter. But in fact, Black Cat had switched it with pig's blood. This gives Spidey the opening to catch him by surprise. His moment of weakness allows Wraith to analyze his face and confirm that he's really Martin Li and broadcasts the truth to everyone in NYC; Jonah blames Spider-Man for this; May goes into shock at this revelation. Mr. Negative promises revenge and flees, dropping cyanide gas to cover his escape. Wraith also disappears, unwilling to face the police. Spidey then pulls the katana out of Anti-Venom and apologizes for not believing him in the first place. As Anti-Venom leaps away, satisfied, Spidey sticks around for the police to show up and reveal that Negative/Li was smuggling heroin in his statues.As Spidey makes his exit, he spies on Carlie confronting Watanabe, revealing that she knows that she's the Wraith, admitting that she slipped her cell phone in her pocket to track via GPS. Watanabe admits to it and confesses that she felt touched how Daredevil and Spider-Man granted justice to Jean DeWolff, who was a close friend of hers, where no one else could. And with all the escalating violence, she had to do something. She asks Carlie if she's going to turn her in, pointing out that if she's exposed, then Mr. Negative will have her dead within a week. Carlie abstains from doing so and advises Watanabe on how to cover her tracks more effectively and to retire the Wraith for a while.Perched on a statue, Anti-Venom relishes in the moment that he finally proved that he was right, that he's the hero today.In Chinatown, Martin Li is chained up. He cries for helping. Outside his cell, his goons are considering whether to release him. One of them advises against it, stating that until he changes back into Mr. Negative, he's nothing.Back at Peter's apartment, Peter tells Carlie about what Spider-Man witnessed. Carlie explains that Watanabe is a good person and she's good at keeping secrets. She then demands answers as to his relationship with Spider-Man. Peter explains a part of the truth, that he makes Spidey's gadgets. This is enough to satisfy Carlie.Peter Parker and Betty Brant spend time hanging out. However, future engagements get complicated with his Spider-Man work with the FF and Avengers and his job at Horizon Labs. And worse, her boyfriend Flash Thompson is called away on business in Washington. As Betty leaves a movie theater alone, she is ambushed and mugged. She is rushed to the hospital and all of her friends and colleagues are informed, even Flash comes back from a Venom mission. Peter hears about this and, remembering what happened to his Uncle Ben, goes out as Spider-Man to catch the crook. Jonah Jameson is especially outraged, having considered Betty a daughter to him and calls in the best surgeons. And swears that he'll find the attacker and come down on him "like the wrath of God Himself!"Spidey storms a shop that buys stolen merchandise. Originally, he left the owner, Dimitri, alone for year because he was small-time and had no blood on his hands. Spotting Betty's pendant given to her by her mother, he demands to know the name of the person who sold it. He gets one: Harlan Finch. All night, Spidey goes shaking down every low-level crook in Manhattan looking for Finch. However, he lets one get away, tagged with an improved Spider-tracer fit with camouflage, so that he could lead him to Finch. Finch himself is in disbelieve that Spider-Man is on a one-man manhunt for him. But before Spidey could catch, he gets a call on his cell from Aunt May, who is worried about him. Though he tries brushing her off without telling her what he's doing, she tells him that she hasn't been this disappointed in him since Uncle Ben died when he ran off and no one could find him (when he went looking for Burglar). Realizing that Finch can wait, Spidey makes his way to the hospital and enters as Peter. He gives back her locket, before sitting down to watch movies.The next night, Finch is still disbelieving that Spider-Man is hunting for him. He soon eats his words, as he is webbed up and left on a lamppost outside the NYPD.After stopping a robbery, Spider-Man rushes to the scene of a fight between the Young Allies and Morris Bench, Hydro-Man. At City Hall, Mayor Jameson is given the news that his Anti-Spider Patrol, which is funded by taxpayer money, is causing his approval ratings to drop.Young Allies Firestar, Gravity, and Spider-Girl, who has her powers back, are having a tough time defeating Hydro-Man. Spider-Man arrives and shoots something at him that he developed that turns Hydro-Man into ice. With him incapacitated, Spider-Man leaves him with the Young Allies.At work, Peter gets a call from Carlie, who is at the crime scene of the robbery from earlier, and mentions something weird happening to her. While the cops wait for the webs to break down so that they can arrest the robbers, one of them somehow manages to break free of them and tries to escape. Carlie knocks him to the ground with one punch and asks Peter if they can talk later. Peter, nervous about what that might mean, doesn’t notice the bus about to hit him, but is saved by Phil Urich, who is with Norah Winters. Norah tells Peter she’s on a deadline for the Daily Bugle on a story about Spider-Man sightings where he’s been in several places at once. Despite his surprise, Peter remembers he’s supposed to check-in at the Baxter Building.Meanwhile, Aunt May and Jay Jameson walk into their apartment where men that Jay hired are checking the place for bedbugs.In the streets, a thug named Leonard Kornfield is cornered by two goons whose boss he owes money to. He uses the spider-powers he got last night to knock out the goons but is discovered by Miles Warren, the Jackal, and his henchman, a spider-like monster. The Jackal says that he gave him his powers and gives him a card telling him where to go tomorrow.  After he leaves, the Jackal goes off to find more people with spider powers.At the Baxter Building, everyone but Reed Richards, Ben Grimm, and Spider-Man are going to New Atlantis while they stay behind to sterilize the building of any booby traps the Sinister Six might have left behind. Mary Jane calls Spider-Man and reminds him that it’s Aunt May and Jay’s last night in New York and asks him when he last visited Betty Brant at the hospital, who is alone because Flash is out of town.Flash, as Venom, finishes a mission and calls Betty, who is wandering the halls of the hospital. She stumbles upon a bunch of doctors taking care of people who all have various spider powers.After a game of poker at Avengers Mansion, Spider-Man takes off for his karate lessons with Shang-Chi. His final test involves sparring with Madame Web using his new martial arts form, the Way of the Spider. After the match, Madame Web tells him that she and Shang-Chi have been secretly preparing him for a challenge where the only possible path to victory requires he break his vow that no one dies.As Spider-Man heads home, two other people swing behind him on webs. At his apartment, Carlie asks if they can talk now. Peter says he’s had a long day and they decide to wait until tomorrow.The Jackal and his henchman walk into his hidden lab and are summoned by his benefactor, an unknown woman, who gives him a mysterious specimen. The Jackal worries transforming him into a spider-like monster won’t work like it did with his henchman, who is revealed to be Kaine, Peter Parker’s clone. He goes through with the experiment anyways, and, after transforming, the specimen emerges. Just before it and Kaine fight, the mysterious woman takes control of it and forces it to obey her. She then says that - thanks to the infestation of spider-powers - all of Manhattan will soon bend to her will.At Peter Parker's apartment, Carlie is sticking to the ceiling. While she thinks it's cool that she has spider-powers, Peter isn't happy about it and wonders if them sleeping together might have a hand in this. Peter, wanting to do something normal, leaves to go drop off Aunt May and Jay at the airport.At the Bowery, Madame Web and Shang-Chi watch as criminals gather outside The Blind Spot. During their conversation, she accidentally let's slip that an hour from now Spider-Man would be struck down. The Jackal and his henchman Tarantula, previously known as Kaine, Peter's clone, and Spider-King, the specimen. Inside, two goons argue and begin to fight, both exhibiting their spider-powers. Soon, everyone gets involved and have to be stopped by Tarantula and Spider-King. When the fighting stops, the Jackal offers them to work with him and shows them their new outfits: Spider-Man costumes.At Newark, New Jersey's Liberty Airport, Peter and Carlie see Aunt May and Jay off and Peter says goodbye to Aunt May before she and Jay fly off to their new home in Boston.At Bryant Park, several people dressed in various different Spider-Man costumes are spreading chaos with their spider-powers, with Mary Jane in the middle of it. The Thing and Reed Richards intervene before one of them hurts her, and various members of the Avengers, the Young Allies, and Cloak and Dagger arrive.In a taxi on the George Washington Bridge, Peter and Carlie hear news on the radio saying that Mayor Jameson has ordered a city-wide lockdown of New York due to reports made by Betty Brant that New Yorkers are developing spider-powers. Carlie leaves Peter to help out at Bryant Park. Peter follows after her as Spider-Man, hoping he can stop her from getting hurt.Spider-Man arrives in Bryant Park, but before he can help Carlie he is attacked by Ms. Marvel, the Thing, and Iron Fist, having been confused for an imposter. Madame Web and Shang-Chi witness the mayhem and Shang goes to his rescue.Amidst the Avengers, FF, and Young Allies taking down Spider-Men imposters, Shang-Chi and Wolverine identify the real one. However, Spidey is refused participation in the fighting because he'd just get in the way. Spidey then changes back into Peter Parker. He then encounters Norah Winters and Mary-Jane, the former imploring him to help film the event while the other encouraging him to do something. Therefore, Peter uses Norah's camera to call on every good citizen with spider powers to help out, which they do. However, he is unknowingly playing into Jackal's mysterious employer's hands in luring other Spiders out of hiding, knowing that they'll mutate from overuse of their powers. Jackal then infuses Spider-King with two thousand spider embryos. As soon as the Spider-Men imposters are taken care of, J. Jonah Jameson deputizes everyone to help contain Manhattan from this outbreak.Peters joins Reed Richards and the other Horizon scientists in attempting to figure out the virus that gave everyone spider powers and cure it. Meanwhile, Anti-Venom is going after any spider he can see and cure them of the virus, rendering them normal. Julia Carpenter/Madame Web is watching in the shadows, knowing that Anti-Venom and Venom will be needed. At the same time, Spider-King is attempting to break the quarantine, forcing Agent Venom/Flash Thompson, into action.Peter finds Carlie at the 18th Precinct, scavenging through the villains' evidence storage. He also hooks her up with web-shooters. She then tells him the leads she's been tracing concerning Jackal. They go to one of his hideouts, searching for evidence, unaware that Scorcher, White Rabbit and Chance are watching them.At Empire State University, Peter Parker and Carlie Cooper are ambushed by Scorcher, White Rabbit and Chance, who were ordered by Jackal to attack anyone who turns up at his lab. But as the duo retaliate, they discover that the villains have spider powers too. When White Rabbit kicked Carlie in the face, Peter uses the kung fu moves that Shang-Chi taught him to defeat the villains. Though suspicious as to why he didn't do that earlier, Carlie tells Peter to call in Spider-Man, so the three of them can take down Jackal. Unknown to them, Jackal is spying on them, chuckling that it'd be impossible for both Peter and Spider-Man be in the same place without revealing his secret. He then tells Tarantula to review the tape of there fight and tells his mystery employer that phase two is about to commence.At Project Rebirth, Venom is trying to contain Spider-King and the plague-carrying spider hatchlings he has unleashed.Back in Manhattan, the police try to inform everyone not infected with spider-flu to head to Horizon Labs to be inoculated with the vaccine. However, many people are trying to break the quarantine, forcing the Avengers to act. This does not sit well with Major Jameson, who now hears that Manhattan is being renamed Spider-Island. He then comes in on the Horizon scientists building a spider-sense jammer to keep the infected from breaking quarantine. Mr. Fantastic then steps in to update Jameson about the source of the spider-virus. He determines that genetically-altered bed bugs have spread the infection. Though the bugs have a short lifespan, the virus they carry has mutated into an airborne strain that will turn all of humanity into a new race of Homo Arachnus. Luckily, Superhumans are immune to the effects of the virus. Unfortunately, Jameson is also infected.In Herald Square, Anti-Venom is continually curing Spider-People of their disease. And they are none too happy about losing their powers. But Madame Web knows that not even Anti-Venom can stem the rising tide of Spider-People. From what she sees on the Web of Life, there are suppose to be only a few Spider-People at a time. And now, the future is currently uncertain.At the 18th Precinct, Carlie finds Spider-Man, who claims that Peter has swung off to answer a call at Horizon. To prevent her from calling himself on his cellphone, Spidey informs her of a robbery in progress, headed by one of his rogues: Shocker. But when they get to the crime scene, they find that Shocker has four extra arms. Shocker insists that Spidey leave him alone, stating that he needs the money. He reveals that besides having extra arms, he has four extra eyes, and he was robbing to get enough money to pay the Mad Thinker to cure him. At the same time, Carlie starts mutating as well.As the mutations of Homo Arachnis sprout all over Manhattan, Jackal's employer, revealed to be Adriana Soria, the Queen, declares the world her new kingdom.At Horizon Labs, everyone is working fast on the spider-sense jammers and vaccinations before reports come in about people physically mutating into human-sized spiders. Even non-powered heroes like Hawkeye are mutating. The only one left in the open is Mary Jane.Meanwhile, Adriana Soria ventures out to meet her subjects. She then reflects on her history leading up to this point, especially when she was defeated by Spider-Man and Captain America. And recently, she had captured Cap and had him mutated into Spider-King, to stand as her consort. On cue, Spider-King has returned. Unknown to her, it is actually Venom in disguise. And Soria comments that there is no cure for the spider-virus, which Jackal fully confirms.At Our Lady of Saints Church, various spider mutates approach Anti-Venom to cure them. Rejoicing that he is needed, Anti-Venom agrees to cure them.With New York less than 20 minutes away from full contamination, Mayor Jameson grows more restless by the minute that Horizon nor Mister Fantastic can cure everyone. Therefore, he leaves for the Emergency Command Center for a "package", ignoring everyone's insistence that he must be quarantined.While Spidey is fleeing all the mutates, Madame Web tells him to assist Jameson, whose motorcade is under attack. However, Jameson refuses to be saved by Spidey again and decides to intervene personally. But unknown to Jameson, since he's infected, Soria can telepathically influence him. Venom thinks to act to stop her from using Jameson to spread her plague when everyone is informed about Anti-Venom an his curing touch. Venom volunteers to go after Anti-Venom, knowing that only he can save Spider-Island. He relays this news to Project Rebirth 2.0, who inform Mister Fantastic.At the NYC Emergency Command Center, Jameson approaches Alistaire Smythe, the Spider-Slayer, for help. Smythe finds it a joke that Jameson would come to him after wasting his father's life hunting Spider-Man. He then comments on the irony that Jameson has become a Spider-Man. Soria takes the opportunity to influence Jameson, appearing to him as his wife, convincing him that she lied about who not to blame. Jameson then sprouts larger teeth.Elsewhere on Spider-Island, Heroes for Hire is taxed to capacity holding off the spiders from reaching the jammer; Flash battles with the Venom symbiote as to not destroy Anti-Venom; and Mary Jane finally gets spider powers. By then, everyone on the island is infected. Luckily, Venom brings in Anti-Venom. However, Mister Fantastic tells him that they will need his entire suit to cure the infection.Back at the ECC, Jameson attempts to attack Smythe, though Spidey tries to restrain him. Out of terror, Smythe claims that his Spider-Slayers can stop the epidemic. Two Mandroid move in to separate both Spidey and Jameson but in doing so, Jameson takes a chunk out of Smythe's neck.Mary Jane uses her powers to come to the aid of those in Our Lady of Saints Church who are being attacked by spiders.At the New York City Emergency Command Center, Spider-Man frees himself from the grips of the Anti-Spider Patrol and pulls Jonah off of Smythe. Spider-Man tries to stop Smythe from bleeding to death and hears him weakly mention already having enough Spider-Slayers before losing consciousness. Spider-Man calls for the medics and orders them to help Smythe and seal the doors so Jonah can’t get out. As he leaves, he tells the medics he’s going to check on the cure at Horizon Labs.At her lair in Central Park, the Queen hears telepathically from Jonah that there is a “cure on the Horizon.”As Reed Richards is about to administer a cure to the virus to his first test subject, Sajani Jaffrey, the Queen reaches out to her telepathically and transforms her into a spider. Reed and Spider-Woman subdue her and inject her with the cure, which works and turns her back to normal.The Queen begins to panic when she realizes that not only is Sajani back to normal, but Spider-King, who she sent to destroy the anti-venom cure, not knowing it was Venom working undercover, has changed back into Steve Rogers. Jackal, who knows Peter works for Horizon, sends Tarantula to destroy the cure.In Horizon’s Lab #6, Grady and Bella inform Anti-Venom that his suit is being siphoned of all of its antibodies, which means he’ll never be Anti-Venom again. Despite this, Anti-Venom is proud to make this sacrifice, believing it is what he was put on this Earth to do. Number Six, dressed in a hazmat suit, asks them to leave. When he finishes up his work, Number Six leaves through a tunnel. Scanning for access to the tunnel, his name reads “Dr. Michael Morbius,” the Living Vampire.Spider-Man heads to his lab at Horizon in hopes of somehow finding a solution. Along the way he runs into Firestar and Gravity, who are trying to protect a spider-sense jammer. He offers them help, but they turn him down. Madame Web watches him leave, not knowing if doing so is the correct move since she cannot see the future.  However, she thinks she knows why.At Horizon Labs, the Thing is stretched to his limit fighting off spider monsters and decides to let Spider-Woman take his place. As he does so, he considers the possibility that the spider monsters might be a diversion for something else, not knowing that Tarantula is sneaking in. Reed speaks with General Dodge from Project Rebirth about how he was able to synthesize the cure on site, since it would require a living symbiote. General Dodge does not want to divulge that information but instead tells him that Spider-King has been changed back into Steve Rogers and they’ve sent an agent to take out the mastermind of Spider-Island. Madame Web abruptly appears and tells them they’re spider-sense jammers disrupted ruined her ability to see the future and Spider-Man’s spider-sense. When she leaves, Max Modell tells Reed if they could broadcast the correct frequency they could fix Spider-Man’s spider-sense while still keeping the spider monsters in the city.When Spider-Man arrives at his lab, the scanner tells him he’s already logged in. When he enters, he’s jumped by Tarantula. Jackal, speaking from a monitor attached to Tarantula’s torso, tells Spider-Man that Tarantula is Kaine, who is made up entirely of Peter’s DNA, meaning he can access his lab. During their fight, Jackal says that he sent Tarantula to destroy the perfect cure with a toxin.Spider-Man knows he’s outmatched in every way but believes that his new karate moves will be enough to defeat Kaine. Unfortunately, Tarantula watched the video of his fight with White Rabbit, Chance, and Scorcher so he already knows all of his moves. Tarantula beats Spider-Man and heads to Lab #6, where an almost completely drained Eddie mumbles to himself. Tarantula throws the toxin into the vat of antibodies but Spider-Man manages to catch it with his webs. However, Tarantula counters by webbing up his face and prepares to drop him into the vat of antibodies along with the toxin. But before he gets the chance, Horizon finds the frequency on the spider-sense jammers that restores Spider-Man’s spider-sense. With his spider-sense back, he combines it with his kung fu and knocks Tarantula into the vat of antibodies. Now back to normal but still left with his spider-powers, Kaine tells Spider-Man that the Queen is the one in charge and that he knows where to find her.Back at their lair, the Queen yells at the Jackal in anger and accidently kills him with her sonic scream, which is now much stronger than it used to be. Madame Web realizes that her interference has made the Queen even stronger.Captain America is airdropped into Central Park, where Venom is already fighting the Queen. The Queen gets the better of him but he is saved when Venom stabs her in the back with Cap’s shield. She appears to be dead but instead transforms into a giant spider. Regardless, Cap and Venom stand ready to fight. In Horizon Labs’ Lab Six, Spider-Man and Kaine hear people approaching. They quickly change clothes because Kaine’s longer hair does not resemble Peter’s. Before Reed, Max Modell, Grady, and Bella can investigate Lab Six, the alarm goes off. When they check to see what the problem is, they find Mary Jane with the people who she saved at Our Lady of Saints Church. Mary Jane asks why she is only in stage two of the virus and is told it’s from all the years she was “with” Peter. They go to Lab Six and find Peter Parker in his underwear and Kaine dressed as Spider-Man. Peter and Kaine then go to Peter’s lab, where Peter changes back into Spider-Man and gives Kaine his stealth suit, which is impervious to the Queen’s sonic scream. Meanwhile, Cap and Venom are leading the Queen to Union Square and sends out a message to the other heroes to assemble there. Along the way, Spider-Man and Kaine run into Madame Web, who tells them that the Queen is feeding off the Web of Life and is drawing her strength from the enslaved spider monsters. The only person who can stop her is Spider-Man, but that means he would have to kill her, something he isn’t willing to do. They catch up and join the fight, during which Mary Jane and the other heroes arrive. Spider-Man is discouraged by the fact that everyone else has his powers, which makes him like everyone else, but Mary Jane gives him a pep talk and tells him to try and build something. He then realizes that the spider-slayers Smythe was talking about were Doc Octopus’ Octobots he and Carlie found while they were digging through confiscated weapons at the 18th Precinct. All they need now is an antenna that can cover all of Manhattan.In Union Square, the Avengers, X-Men, and Young Allies prepare for the last stand of Spider-Island. Madame Web believes it is hopeless but Shang-Chi arrives with the Immortal Weapons, something she did not foresee. Mary Jane leads Spider-Man to the Empire State Building, where they hook up the control panel for the Octobots. Spider-Man puts it on and sends the Octobots to Horizon Labs to distribute the cure. Back in Union Square, the heroes are overwhelmed by the Queen and her spider horde when the Octobots arrive and begin to cure all the spiders. Because of this she starts to weaken. At the Empire State Building, Mary Jane tries to hold off the spiders that are trying to stop Spider-Man. When he realizes that he’s saving the day, Mary Jane whispers, “I love you,” which he doesn’t hear.As the Queen continues to lose strength, Ms. Marvel and Kaine perform a move she and Spider-Man practiced where she throws Kaine towards the Queen’s head. Madame Web realizes that she read her prophecy wrong; Kaine is the one who’s supposed to kill the Queen. The Queen tries to use her sonic scream on him, but the stealth suit protects him from it as he tears threw her head. The heroes then all attack at once to make sure she’s dead. In the end, they manage to kill the Queen, and Spider-Man and Mary Jane, still atop the Empire State Building, sit together, staring down at the cured New Yorkers.In the morning after the Spider-Island incident, citizens and heroes alike revert back to their human form, they are naked in the streets. Hiding behind a tree is a nude Carlie Cooper, who sees her Spider-man tattoo that she got on her hip fading away.  The members of the Avengers begin their cleanup in Union Square where the corpse of the giant queen monster resides. Steve Rogers requests that Iron Man do a full-body scan of the Queen's corpse to make sure she's really dead. Madame Web is chatting with Shang-Chi, but senses Kaine is near, still in Peter's stealth horizon suit. She calls Kaine out and says she needs to discuss with him his future.There are cleaning crews and heavy trucks taking away wreckage at the site of Queen's corpse. Inside one of the trucks is another Miles Warren clone along with Jackal. The Jackal the Queen disintegrated was merely another clone. Jackal tells the Miles clone that he kept his distance the entire time, and rigged a computer to say that the killed Jackal was the original. Jackal also says he's "bristling with ideas, all new ways to plague our "Mr. Parker".Peter is still on top of the Empire State Building with Mary Jane, explaining how he was able to lead the march of mentally-controlled octo-spiders to carry the cure to 1.6 million New Yorkers last issue, and yet in the time he and MJ lived together, he "couldn't record two shows at the same time on our DVR?". Peter gets a call from Aunt May on his in-mask comm. Her and Jay are still at the airport waiting to depart from Boston. The flights have been reestablished, and May wants to see Peter again before they leave. With Mary Jane's blessing, Peter swings away, saying they'll talk later, and that he can't shake the feeling that he's forgetting something. MJ herself, still with Spider-Powers of her own, swings off the rooftop, thinking "Oh, I'm sure it's nothing important.".At Newark's Liberty Airport, injections are being administered to travellers by workers in hazmat suits, as a last precaution. Peter meets up with Jay and May--on a TV screen, a news report shows a "cured" Eddie Brock alongside Reed Richards, who proclaims Brock as the true hero of Spider-Island, as the essence of the cure was distilled from Eddie's Anti-Venom symbiote. May and Jay head towards their gate, saying their goodbyes to Peter. Then, Peter runs into Kaine, clad in a blue hoodie. Kaine tells Peter that he's leaving New York, and that he's keeping Peter's stealth Horizon suit, that Madam Web told Kaine he may need it.Jonah and Robbie, meanwhile, are enjoying a drink at an empty pub. Jonah says he awoke in his Command Center, in a locked room, marvelling at how Spider-Man "got one of those metal bugs throught he best security the city's got. That is a dangerous man.". Robbie asks in light of the fact that he saved a million citizens, does Spider-Man get any credit? Jonah says he'll make a call. Spider-man, while swinging across the George Washington Bridge, has a moment of identitication with an appreciative city worker, who concludes that Spider-Man must not be that different than anyone else.Dropping in through his skylight, Peter changes out of the costume, and runs into Carlie in his apartment, who's packed her bags and is leaving. Peter tries to make up some  excuses, that he was asleep the whole time in the other bedroom, but Carlie stops him short. She says she's leaving him, and that she knows he's Spider-Man. She asks him to finally show her some respect and own up to it, which he does. She says Peter showed no learning curve like everyone else did with his powers, and that Peter Parker is just a suit, "a costume you put on to be like the rest of us". Peter tries to stop her, but Carlie says whatever they had is over, and that they're done. With that, she leaves and slams the door on her way out, leaving Peter alone.Peter goes to the fence of Avenger's Mansion, demanding that Dr. Strange show himself and give him an explanation. Strange appears in his astral form, he's somewhere else at the moment but sensed the urgency of Peter's call. Peter says someone figured out his secret identity, and wonders how that's possible, as Strange put a spell in place that psychically blocked anyone from figuring out Peter is Spider-man. Strange says the spell wouldn't work if another person unmasked Peter, or if he unmasked himself to others. Strange shows him a misty vision of the video Peter sent out over the internet of himself proclaiming that he has spider-powers too during Spider-Island, in an effort to rally the public. Strange claims with that act, Peter revealed himself to the world again. The spell has been weakened, and its protection is gone. The world won't remember Peter revealing his identity, but from now on, they can learn it once again. Strange also says it's only a spell that can be performed once.In Horizon Labs, Max Modell has gathered all the scientists, and is congratulating them all for their role in saving New York from the infestation. Peter busts in at this moment, demanding another sample of the cure. Modell says the quantites of it are now limited, but that he has an emergency hypodermic of it, which he gives over to Peter. Modell tells Peter to tell Spider-Man to be very careful with it, that it will permanently remove Spider-man's powers.On the roof of Horizon, Peter has changed into is Spider-Man costumes, and runs into Madame Web, who says Peter could make the choice and cure himself now with the syringe he has, that "the web of life" will "reweave itself", and someone will step in to take his place, maybe Kaine, maybe another. Peter says the powers he has are a gift, and throwing them away would be the most irresponsible thing he's ever done. Madame Web says he is to suffer a loss, but won't tell him what, which exasperates him.Spider-Man catches up with a web-slinging Mary Jane, who is still wearing his spider-costume top, jokingly asks her to pull over at the tall building. Peter tells her he has to cure her before she mutates into a big, hairy spider. Also, that he knows her, and that she hates shaving her legs, and to try shaving eight of them. MJ gives in, and Peter injects her with the cure. They talk some more, and Peter informs MJ that Carlie left him. He says he won't stop being Spider-Man, because people need him, but that just once, it'd be nice to get some gratitude. MJ tells him to shut up and look: nearby, the Empire State Building is lit up at the top with blue and red, in honor of Spider-Man.In Central Park, a boy wearing mechanical wings falls from the sky, screaming. Meanwhile, police tell tourists that the epidemic Spider-Island is over and that no one is getting powers. Two gothic teenagers rush the barricade but are stopped by Randy Robertson. Randy says that having spider powers were great, until he was turned into a monster. One of the teenagers, a boy named Mitchell, is met by a girl named Angela Death. She tells him that he could have things better than spider-powers and she could teach him how to fly.Meanwhile, in Central Park, Carlie Cooper (Earth-616) and other police are looking at the body of the "Jumper". He is identified as Wormwood. Chief Pratchett says he jumped from the arch, but Carlie says he couldn't have jumped that far. Pratchett takes her off the case. Anti-Spider patrols find footprints of a humanoid that climbed a building and forced entry. Entering, they find Spider-Man standing over a dead body. The patrols attack Spider-Man, but he destroys them. Pratchett rushes in, and tells Spider-Man he contaminated a crime scene. Spider-Man hurriedly leaves.Later, in Shadowland, the Kingpin is angry that his spider-powers have vanished from himself and the Hand. Suddenly, Hobgoblin appears just as Tiberius Stone arrives with blueprints from Horizon Labs showing the Spider-Jammers. Meanwhile, the Vulture robbers are about to rob a penthouse. Two of them (Gabriel and Lucifer) take out the owners. Mitchell (now called Michael, as part of an angel name) has doubts about what they're doing.Glory Grant takes her boyfriend Lewis to a club called the Wake. There they meet Mary Jane. Meanwhile, at the Coffee Bean, Peter and Carlie are working on the same case of the "Jumpers" and robberies. They agree to work together and call a truce. The robbers take a formation and land on the rooftop of the Wake. Michael takes a liking to Glory, angering Lewis. They go into the back where Vulture is waiting for them...Peter and Carlie break into the police station to examine Wormwood's body. As they examine, Peter takes his mask off but Carlie is frightened by it and asks him to put it back on. Meanwhile, the Vulture is telling his robbers that they have to make an air robbery on a helicopter. He then explains to Michael the story of Cormorant: A fisherman strapped a collar to its neck which prevented it from eating the fish. The fisherman would then take it off at the end of the day and gave it one fish as a reward.Leaving, Michael looks at Glory but Lewis tells him to back off. Angela Death attacks him. Glory is about to help him, but Mary Jane says they're dangerous. Meanwhile, in the morgue, Peter and Carlie examine the bodies and find that they all have an ultraviolet "W" imprinted on their arms. The robbers then attack the helicopter and take the collection. Michael, however, secretly smuggles two gold coins in his pocket.While Carlie and Spider-Man are looking at the robbery locations, MJ calls and tells him that Lewis was beat up at the Wake.RETURN OF THE SINISTER SIX!
Find out what everyone’s favorite sextet of super villains has been up to while New York was spidered out. All leading up to Doc Ock’s master plan to—well—you’ll have to wait and see as 2012 promises to be the END of Spider-Man!The story begins with Peter Parker, reflecting about his recent break-up with Carlie Cooper while walking on the streets of the city watching, many couples in love. His thoughts are interrupted by a burglar who's committing a crime. Peter suits up as Spider-Man and takes down the thug but afterwards hears the voice of the Black Cat.Spider-Man tries to talk with Felicia while jumping through the rooftops in order to gain a date with her but she denies him the chance since she's feeling his sense of loneliness and doesn't want to become the rebound girl.Felicia arrives to her apartment but after finding a Spider-Tracer attached to her suit, she's surrounded by NYPD forces and placed under arrest.Peter arrives at work at Horizon Labs the next day for a meeting but is interrupted when Sajani comments about the robbery of a Wi-Fi Hologram projector with the Black Cat as the prime suspect and even caught on film. Peter leaves his workplace knowing that Felicia has just been framed since she was with him the night before so he searches for the only man who can help him: Matt Murdock.After finding Murdock with the assistant D.A. Kirsten McDuffie, he manages to convince him to meet and talk about the work. While investigating, Spidey and Daredevil bump with a kidnapping, presumably from the Wi-Fi Hologram Projector's creator Wasserschmidt, but Daredevil's heightened senses reveals that is just another illusion from the Wi-Fi Projector.Both Spider-Man and Daredevil search for the thugs in the sewers but suddenly the place is trembling and collapsing on top of the heroes, but while Spider-Man tries to escape he bumps with a live wire electrocuting him and glimpses Black Cat (who managed to escape from police custody earlier) on top of him.The story starts with Peter Parker heading to another day of work at Horizon Labs where he's taking a joint work with fellow Think Tank scientist Grady Scraps to check on Grady's personal project calle "The Break Room of Tomorrow", a dimensional portal through time where the person walks into the following day. Grady test the portal to an skeptical Peter and shows him an edition of The Daily Bugle from Tuesday (being Monday on the actual timeline) highlighting the Symkarian Pride Parade with a picture of NYC Mayor J. Jonah Jameson and Silver Sable.When Peter tries the Break Room of Tomorrow, he walks into a devastated New York City. Inside he realizes that the room shows how would the future be for the person who walked in if he disappeared for a whole day. Peter grabs a clock from the wreckage stuck in 2:50 p.m. so he heads up back and warns Grady about the situation.When Grady asks why did that happen, Peter answers that since he makes Spider-Man's tech, he also reports him on this kind of situations and if he doesn't, things like that are bound to happen, so he "recruits" Grady to assist Spider-Man while he tries to fix this future with the help of the "Good Tuesday" Bugle Grady brought.Peter goes to change into Spider-Man while thinking to warn The Avengers and the Future Foundation but Madame Web appears to him and tells him that he must do this work by himself with no other assistance from the superheroes so Spidey goes in a rampage against the clock to try to avoid the disaster.With the assistance from Grady, Spidey retakes his steps from the Good Tuesday, from stopping mugger (breaking Daredevil's record in the process) to delivering a child in the middle of the street, to stopping F.A.C.A.D.E., but still can't find where will the disaster occur. Meanwhile, at the Symkarian Pride Parade, The Flag-Smasher and members of U.L.T.I.M.A.T.U.M. are planning a massive assault during the Parade.With the time running out, Spider-Man is heading into desperation to find out where will the disaster happen- With time running out, SPIDEY makes a last ditch effort to save time itself!
- Can Spidey win this race against the future?In Horizon Labs, Peter and Max Modell coordinate John Jameson's mission at the Apogee 1 Station. They also open a communication channel so that John can talk to his father. Jameson and John are happy to talk after everything that's happened, when suddenly, the signal breaks off. Peter and Modell try to fix the signal, and Modell tells Juergen to check on the station's status. Juergen does so, and realizes that the entire station is experiencing a full system failure.Peter leaves Horizon Labs and changes into his Spider-Man costume. He then goes to the Baxter Building, hoping the Future Foundation can help him in saving the station.In the Baxter Building, Spider-Man finds Johnny dancing in his underwear. Spider-Man asks Johnny for his help in saving the station. After some convincing from Spider-Man, Johnny reluctantly accepts. Using a spaceship, Spider-Man and Johnny blast off into space.Meanwhile, Jameson stands outside Horizon Labs, thinking about his son. When Modell tries to reassure him, Jameson bitterly says that Horizon is dangerous, not only to his son but to the entire world. He also says that no matter what happens here, he'll never forgive Modell.Spider-Man and Johnny arrive at the Apogee 1 Station. Entering the station, they find it deserted. The artificial gravity systems have been disabled, so Spider-Man and Johnny have to hover to get across the station. Suddenly, Spider-Man and Johnny are attacked by Octobots. Johnny tries to fight them with fire, but Spider-Man tells him not to, as his flames will consume the station's oxygen and they don't know how much oxygen they have left. When Spider-Man tries to use his webs, it doesn't work, as the lack of gravity causes the webs to dissipate. Suddenly, an energy blast paralyzes the octobots. Spider-Man and Johnny then find John Jameson, who's holding an EMP rifle.At the Sinister Six's underwater base, Doctor Octopus and Mysterio coordinate the octobots' mission. When Mysterio notes that the octobots were temporarily disabled, Doc Ock decides not to take chances and orders the destruction of the station as soon as the octobots finish their mission.At the station, John outfits Spider-Man and Johnny with propellant belts that will allow them to get across the station without trouble. Arriving at the shuttle hangar, John tells Spider-Man and Johnny that it was a blessing that he was outside when the station began shutting down. When Spider-Man asks why, the station's crew appears and surrounds them. Spider-Man realizes that the crew has been taken over by octobots, turning them into octobot-zombies.To be continued...Spider-Man, the Human Torch and John Jameson try to defend themselves from the Octobot-zombies. Johnny ignites and takes Spider-Man and John to his ship, but suddenly, the ship explodes.In Horizon Labs, Jameson and Modell watch everything from the screens. Although Jameson is concerned at the situation, Modell tells him to calm down. Jorgen also discovers that the station is losing orbit. Jameson demands Modell to find a way to save his son, but Modell tells him that there are more ways to leave the station.Spider-Man, the Human Torch and John try to use the station's shuttle to escape, but that ship also explodes, leaving them stranded. John wonders what they can do, but Spider-Man suddenly comes up with a plan: they can use the airlock to drain all the oxygen in the station, causing the octo-zombies to pass out, then they can turn the air back on. John agrees, saying that they could use space suits until the air is turned back on, but he also says that they can't get pass the octo-zombies to get to the environmental controls. John says that Horizon could do it remotely, but the octo-zombies have disabled the communications array. However, Johnny has brought his cellphone, which Spider-Man uses to open a channel with Horizon.Spider-Man manages to establish contact with Horizon, and John reveals to Horizon their plan to drain the station of air.At the Secret Six's underwater base, Doctor Octopus and Mysterio realize the Apogee Station has been drained of air. Watching the station with their screens, Doc Ock demands to see who is interfering with his plans and is shocked when the screens reveal Spider-Man wearing a space suit.Leaving the station, Spider-Man tells Torch and John that they have three to five minutes before they have to turn the air back on. Their plan is to reach the comm station and establish contact with Horizon. Suddenly, Doc Ock appears on a screen, telling Spider-Man that he has meddled into his plans for the last time. Doc Ock presses a button on his console, causing the station to move towards Earth. John realizes that if the station enters the atmosphere, they will burn up.Spider-Man decides to stick to the plan. The three will go to different parts of the station to gather all people and put them in a safe place so they can all leave the station together. Spider-Man uses his magnetic webbing to compensate for the lack of air.At Horizon, Jameson is distraught by the station's fall. Modell tells him to have faith in Spider-Man, but Jameson replies that his wife died while Spider-Man was around, and if he fails to save John, then he might as well die too because he will never forgive him.At the station, Spider-Man, Torch and John gather all people in at the deep space sensory deprivation chamber, using it to escape the station's destruction. While the station is destroyed, the chamber enters the atmosphere. During their fall, Spider-Man uses his webs to make parachutes while Torch absorbs the heat caused by their fall. After absorbing too much heat, Torch expels it in a powerful punch, slowing their fall down.Finally, the chamber falls into a coast, and a nearby boat helps the crew. John tells his father that everyone survived, and refuses to accept the credit.As Spider-Man and Johnny sit on the devastated chamber, Spider-Man thanks Johnny for his help, and Johnny replies that he is his friend. Spider-Man then realizes that Johnny purposedly steered the chamber towards Daytona Beach in the middle of springbreak.At the Secret Six's base, Doc Ock tells the Secret Six that his master plan is about to begin.At Harlem, Spider-Man defeats the sometimes-hero-sometimes-villain Equinox using his own versions of Green Goblin's glider and bombs. After helping to bring one firefighter to the hosptial, Peter walks down the street remembering the inventions he has done at Horizon Labs. When he arrives to Horizon Labs, a huge scandal is created when Major Jameson announces he will do everything he can to shut down the laboratory, under many nonsensical arguments.The scene changes to Sinister Six's underwater base, where Doc Ock announces to the rest of the team the beginning of his last master plan, also implying he's ready to fight even the Avengers. He activates a giant antenna called Octahedral, which activates many satellites around Earth's orbit (called "Octavian lens"), speeding up the Greenhouse Effect and heating up the whole world. On all the TV screens around Earth, he announces what's happening and that it was only a demostration (shutting down the satellites), he says he can save the world, at a price, so he could be known as the man who "gave you the greatest gifts of all-- A future".Peter leaves in a hurry where he was with MJ back to Horizon Labs, where he gets some stuff he made to battle each one of the Sinister Six. In the Avengers Mansion, the team discusses what to do when Spider-Man arrives in his new costume, angered saying that the time to act is now, "Avengers Assemble!".Flashback, the Sinister Six are stealing some objects around the world, which could be necessary for their further plans, each one is connected in some way with one Avenger.Present, at the Palazzo Senatorio, a international meeting of World's greatest minds and leaders is carried out, about Doc Ock's supposedly offer to save the world. The Avengers interrupt. Spider-Man wants them to realize they can't negotiate with that kind of psycopath. Al Gore states that Doc Ock would save us, without a counterargument, Spider-Man punches him, revealing him to be the Chameleon, who thanks to his new costume, Spider-Man detected.Meanwhile, at Horizon Labs, Mayor Jameson orders to shut down all energy, in his effort to close the laboratories.Back to Rome, Octavius announces he just activated his Octavian Lens again, but this time, blocking all harmful effects of UV rays on Earth, to reinforce his statement that he can save the world. After letting Chameleon free, the Avengers follow him, thanks to a Spider-Tracer, to a meeting he's having with the rest of the Sinister Six in the mediterranean coast.Using many of the object he stole from many places time before, the Sinister Six subdues the Avengers, while Spider-Man is the only hero standing.Somewhere near where the battle of the Sinister Six against the Avengers was fought, a mysterious invisible figure rescues Black Widow from a crushed Quinjet, and leaves an explosive.Back to the beach were the Sinister Six won their battle, Spider-Man is trying to gain time by making Doc Ock talk. But he known Spidey's intentions, meanwhile the rest of the Sinister Six are carrying the fainted Avengers to the giant Octobot. At the moment Spider-Man makes Ock talk, the Quinjet explodes. In that second, Otto loses his attention and Spider-Man disappears. Doc Ock searches for him but he resigns and gets in the Octobot, where they leave.When a voice says "They're out of range", Spider-Man and Widow are uncovered from an invisible blanket, and their savior is revealed to be Silver Sable. The three of them get in her invisible jet, where Spider-Man sees how his suit was damaged, in that moment, Spidey recieves a call from the Horizon Labs staff, who are using a floating laboratory in international waters after Jameson shut down the energy of the main headquarters.Back to Rome, the leaders of all the world's nations are giving their verdict about accepting Octavius' help or not. The decision is unanimous. After every country agrees, Octavius dictates his demands, to delete all criminal recods of his Sinister Six, to deposit 2 billion dollars in their private bank accounts and create the Octavius Academy.When Octopus mentions his mass producing factories of micro-satellites to build better Octavian Lens, the Prime Minister of Symkaria gives Silver Sable the coordinates via camera of those locations. Then they lead to the Sahara.In the way, Spider-Man asks Horizon for help in building a new device for his costume, a project called "Pink Hippo".When they finally arrive, Spider-Man suggests infiltrating the base using guard's clothes, but when they enter they find themselves with a factory run by thousand of octobots. Widow gets a box with a piece of the satellites they are constructing, but it's empty, finding out it was a trap.When they are escaping the factory, a giant Sandman is waiting for them. After spraying Marko with a radioactive solution, Spider-Man turns his lenses on, revealing a special sand grain in Marko's body which acts as a "queen bee", telling the other grains what to do.When he finally connects it to his suit, he uses a smartphone to send it special orders, like making a dome and preventing the heroes from being smashed by Sandman. After bothering him by making him do many different figures at the same time, Spider-Man makes Marko think of his (presumably) daughter, Keemia. He manages to find Sandman's "queen bee" grain, take it and isolate it, defeating Sandman.Using the attack to the factory as an excuse and his position in the matter, Octopus demands Spider-Man be captured.Over the course of the next three days, Spider-Man, Black Widow and Silver Sable make guerrilla warfare attacks on several of the factories that were constructing Doctor Octopus' anti-global warming satellites. In North Korea, they face off against the Rhino, whom Spider-Man defeats with some of his electrified webbing. However, S.H.I.E.L.D. forces arrive on the scene, not to take the Rhino into custody, but to arrest Spider-Man and his allies. Apparently, with nearly all of the Earth's governments siding with Doctor Octopus with the promise of ending global warming, Spider-Man is now considered Global Public Enemy #1. Back in New York City, Mayor J. Jonah Jameson declares martial law and has his Anti-Spider Squad patrol the streets to prevent any looting incidents as it happened during the attack of Spider-Island. Mary Jane Watson waits for Peter's return, confident that he will win against Doctor Octopus, and plans of a way to show everyone how much of a hero he truly is. Silver Sable also begins to show signs of romantic feelings toward Spider-Man, though he is still against a relationship with her. After interrogating the captured Sandman for information and receiving a surprising message from the Titanium Man, Black Widow explaining that the Titanium Man defines himself as a Russian patriot rather than an American villain. Spider-Man rallies Union Jack, Sabra, Kangaroo II, and the Big Hero 6 (consisting of Go-Go Tomago, Hiro Takachiho, Fred, Honey Lemon, Wasabi-No Ginger, and Ebon Samurai) to help stop the construction of Octavius' satellites. Following a lead, Spider-Man's group find a deserted factory near the border between Symkaria and Romania. Doctor Octopus appears on the monitor, claiming victory as the last of his satellites had already been built and launched. Spider-Man goads him to prove that he was going to save the world. However, Doctor Octopus instead admits that Spider-Man was right all along and further admits that he is a hateful and spiteful creature. He does not want the 'mediocre and mundane' to live on while his genius dies and wants to die with the world perishing with him, so he activates the satellites' deadly function and begins to burn everything on Earth's day side.As Spider-Man and his allies exit the factory following their encounter with Doc Ock, they come across a vivid scene of Symkaria being burned by Doctor Octopus' satellites. As they try to save the citizens from the increasing devastation, they are initially unaware that it is a large-scale ruse created by Mysterio and the Chameleon in order to distract them away from the actual completion of the satellites. Meanwhile, Doctor Octopus once again asks the people of Earth to aid him against those who were actively try to stop his plans (though he considers the general populace to be nothing more than mindless sheep). He later learns of Mysterio and Chameleon's actions and is enraged that Chameleon is battling Spider-Man in what Doctor Octopus believes should be HIS final duel with the wall-crawler. He takes control of the battlesuit that Chameleon was using and tries to destroy Spider-Man, consequently allowing Spider-Man and the others to realize that Symkaria's destruction is false. After defeating the battlesuit, Spider-Man manages to convince Mysterio to switch sides with the argument that the 2 billion dollars he received would be worthless if Doctor Octopus did not follow through with his promise to 'save the world.' The team is led to a location in Guatemala in which they must defeat the Octobot-controlled Avengers. During the initial stages of the battle, Spider-Man realizes that all the inventions he had created at Horizon Labs (ranging from his Cryo Cube, a helmet design, and a noise reduction system) had been used and corrupted by Doctor Octopus.Spider-Man, Silver Sable and Black Widow face off against Dr. Octopus' new "Sinister Six," the Avengers.  Taking personal control of each of them in turn, Doc Ock is surprised when he takes control of Thor and can no longer hold Mjolnir due to him being unworthy.  Utilizing an electromagnetic pulse, Mysterio helps Spider-Man by freeing the Avengers from mind control and Thor, Iron Man and Red Hulk instantly take to the air to try and stop the rest of the satellites from making orbit.  Mysterio tells Spidey and Silver Sable where Doc Ock's lab is and where his vehicle is to get there, then disappears in a cloud of smoke, his "good deed" being done.  Taking the Octo-Sub to the base, they dock with it and are forced to fight their way to the main lab, but encounter the Rhino standing in their way.  He tells them that he's always known what the plan was, and he wants the world to burn, he doesn't want to live in a world where his wife Oksana is dead.  Grabbing Silver Sable and holding her to the floor as the level is flooding, Rhino promises that he will not move and he and Silver Sable will die together.  With no other choice, Spidey leaves her and goes after Doc Ock to try and save them all.  Using his armor, Doc Ock pins Spidey completely and then climbs out of his armor so that he can push the button that will burn 99% of the world.  Finally managing to break himself free, Spidey stops Doc Ock, who demands that Spider-Man leave him so that he can die.  But Spidey saves even him, and taking him to the surface leaves him with the team of scientists.  They congratulate him on saving the world, but Spidey tells them that he failed, someone died.A large crowd, Peter among them, gathers on the New York dock to recieve the Horizon team with a hero's welcome since they helped the Avengers defeat Doctor Octopus. As the Horizon team gets off the Zenith, Modell tells Peter that he should get some credit too, but Peter replies that Modell and the others did most of the heavy lifting. Hector Baez also tells Modell that the Mayor's office restored the power at Horizon Labs as an apology gesture. A group of girls invite the Horizon team to a party at MJ's. Peter believes that Mary Jane is throwing a party at her Brooklyn apartment, but sudddenly discovers that Mary Jane just bought a nightclub.At the party, everyone is celebrating while Peter stands alone in the balcony. When Mary Jane asks if he is okay, Peter replies that he left Silver Sable to die. Mary Jane says that ever since he became Spider-Man, Peter has always seen everyone else as Uncle Ben, Captain Stacy or Gwen. Peter replies that ever since Marla Jameson died, he promised that no one else would die when he is around. Mary Jane believes that's the stupidest thing he has ever said, since for all his power, Peter is still human. Suddenly, Peter gets a call from Carlie, who tells him that he needs Spider-Man at the graveyard.As Spider-Man reaches the graveyard, Carlie shows him that a grave just got robbed. It's someone he once knew: Billy Connors. Taking on the case, Spider-Man asks for leads, and Carlie tells him that one of the witnesses got the perp's physical description. He had pale skin, was inhumanly strong and dug up the corpse wth his bare hands. Spider-Man quickly recognizes him: Dr. Morbius.Barging into Horizon Labs, Spider-Man encounters Morbius, who is working with Modell. Spider-Man attacks Morbius, berating him for desecrating a child's corpse, but Morbius replies that he dug up Billy's corpse so that he could develop a permanent cure to the Lizard's condition. By using Connors DNA, he can return the Lizard back to human form.Morbius and Modell developed special harpoons designed to pierce through the Lizard's skin to inject the cure. Spider-Man says that the Lizard's pysche has changed, since he now fully considers his human side to be dead, but Morbius does not believe it. Modell also agrees that Morbius's decision to dig up Billy's corpse was wrong, and he will not be allowed to enter Horizon Labs again.Afterwards, Spider-Man, Morbius and a group of Horizon scientists enter the sewers to locate the Lizard.Eventually, Spider-Man and Morbius encounter the Lizard and stab him with their harpoons. Then, Modell shoots the Lizard with a special ray that uses the harpoons as conduits to inject the cure in the Lizard's body. The cure is successful and Connors returns to human form. However, Connor still retains his Lizard personality, and promises to take vengeance on Spider-Man.To be continued...After transforming the Lizard back to Curt Connors, Spider-Man, Morbius and the Horizon scientists bring him to Horizon Labs. Running a diagnostic on Connors, Modell confirms that every reptilian cell on Connors's body has been purged. Although Connors thanks Morbius for developing the cure that allowed him to become human again, he secretly plans to take vengeance on him. Spider-Man notes that Morbius is weakened. Through Morbius's gestures, Connors deduces that Morbius keeps a small storage of blood inside a fridge on the lab.Modell believes that since the cure worked on Connors, they can use it on Morbius, but Spider-Man disagrees, inadvertently slipping Morbius's desecration of Billy Connors's corpse right in front of his father. Connors requests to see his son's body, and Morbius apologizes for digging up Billy's corpse, saying that he used Billy's DNA to develop a cure for his condition. Connors asks to be left alone for a moment, and the others leave the room. Alone in the lab, Connors takes one of the blood packs in the fridge and puts it on the ventilation system.In the hallway, Spider-Man and Modell meet up with Hector and the other Horizon scientists. The Horizon team is shocked at Morbius, Sanjani says that she called Carlie Cooper to take care of Morbius. At that moment, a blood haze is released through the vent. Impulsed by the blood haze, Morbius bites Sanjani in the neck, shocking the others. Spider-Man attacks Morbius, who is shocked at his own actions. Morbius escapes the lab, and Spider-Man takes Uatu's vampire gear to chase him.Connors comes into the hallway, telling the others they can cure Morbius. Carlie tells Connors he will have to turn himself to the police for his actions as the Lizard, and Connors agrees, but not before curing Morbius. Although Modell offers his help, Connors prefers to work alone.Spider-Man and Morbius fight across the rooftops of New York City. Although Morbius tries to explain his actions, Spider-Man refuses to listen.Meanwhile at Astoria, Queens, Julia Carpenter is taking her daughter Rachel to summer school. Suddenly, she has a vision, telling her that the great web is unravelling. Grabbing her Madame Web gear, Julia goes to warn Spider-Man.As Modell and Connors work on the cure, Modell says that they will have to inject some of Connors's lizard formula into lab rats. Suddenly, Connors drops a syringe, and Modell picks up. But as soon as he gives it to Connors, he realizes Connors has regained his right arm. Connors beats Modell down and straps him to a table. He then injects him with the lizard formula, transforming him into a lizard. Eating one of the rats, Connors proclaims that he will be the Lizard again.To be continued...Dr. Connors is still working on a formula that will restore him to his Lizard form. He also cuts his right arm off, feeding it to Max Modell, who has been turned into a lizard. Leaving the lab, Connors meets up with Carlie, saying that he needs another lab because Modell asked for privacy. Bella offers her lab and he agrees.Meanwhile, Spider-Man continues fighting Morbius, until Julia Carpenter, the new Madame Web, appears before him; saying that Spider-Man is in grave danger. Although Spider-Man is concerned about Morbius, Julia says that the vampire is not the problem.Meanwhile at Shadowland, the Kingpin is sparring with his ninjas and requests Hobgoblin to call Tiberius Stone of Horizon. Tiberius has been working for Kingpin for an unspecified amount of time, and Kingpin wants Tiberius to finish the project he requested; otherwise, he will send Hobgoblin after him. Tiberius stole plans for spider sense jammers from Horizon and sold them to the Kingpin, as he wanted to keep Spider-Man away.Fearing for his life, Tiberius goes to Modell's office and uses his computer to reboot the building's security system. After Spider-Man's recent break-ins, Tiberius and Modell have been upgrading the security systems. With the system rebooting, Tiberius can unlock every door on the building. But after the reboot takes too long, Tiberius frantically searches for the jammers plans on the office. Although Tiberius finds the plans, he forgets to cancel the reboot.Connors and Bella continue working on her lab. While Bella is distracted by her music, Connor grabs a syringe and injects her with Lizard formula.Meanwhile, Madame Web tells Spider-Man that he must return to Horizon Labs, for a great tragedy lies on his future. She even says that Silver Sable did not die during the fight against the Doctor Octopus. Unfortunately, Morbius jumps into the streets below. Spider-Man agrees to return to Horizon, but only after Morbius is stopped.At Horizon, Grady shows Connors a 3-D model of his compound to help him. While he works with Grady, Connors begins to appreciate humor and recovers his taste for food. Despite this, Connors injects him with Lizard formula.After a long fight, Spider-Man defeats Morbius, webbing him up to a lamppost. He then returns to Horizon but not before some grateful police officers gives him a NYPD jacket.At Horizon, Connors cuts his arm once again. Apparently, he can transform to Lizard form at will, but he still has his arm in human form. Uatu asks Connors if he can help him, and Connors begins to hallucinate, seeing Uatu as his son Billy. Uatu invites him to play video games, and Connors gets an idea for his formula. Thanking Uatu, he leaves the lab.As Carlie sees Connors, she realizes Connors has lost his left arm while his right arm is intact. Realizing he has cut the wrong arm off, Connors runs. Suddenly, Horizon's security systems fully reboot. Spider-Man barely enters the building before it goes into a full lockdown.Meanwhile, Connors commands his newly-created Lizards to attack Carlie. Locking himself in a room, Connors prepares to inject himself with his new formula, but after he has experienced humanity once more, he begins to wonder if returning to his Lizard form is what he really wants.To be continued...Spider-Man, Sanjani and the other Horizon scientists find themselves surrounded by the mutated human lizards. Spider-Man is surprised that the lizards are not attacking, and Sanjani explains that humans and lizards are not natural enemies. Hearing gunshots, Spider-Man moves into the next room, finding Carlie safe and sound, the lizards proving harmless.Suddenly, Spider-Man finds Connors at the med lab supplies room. Injecting himself with his new formula, Connors begins transforming into the Lizard, as he doesn't want to be locked up again. Spider-Man tries to get Connors outside the building; otherwise he will gain full control of the human lizards once he completes his transformation. He asks Carlie to find a way to return the mutated lizards to normal. Carlie takes Connors' syringe.Spider-Man slams Connors against the reinforced wall, making a dent large enough for both of them. As he reseals the wall, Connors fully transforms into the Lizard and attacks Spider-Man.Carlie gives the scientists Connors' syringe, which still contains a sample of his formula. Sanjani tries to reverse-engineer a cure, while Uatu thinks they can use the cure and hypoons he developed.As Spider-Man and Lizard fight, Lizard is angry that he will never be able to experience human feelings again. And now, his hatred towards Spider-Man is greater than ever. Fortunately, Uatu gives Spider-Man a new hypoon, containing a sonic agitator and the cure. However, the only place Spider-Man can inject it is the Lizard's brain. Spider-Man is unsure the cure could work - it might even kill him.Then, the Lizard begins seeing all the women and children present as his wife Martha and son Billy. He also sees Spider-Man as Curt Connors, the last remnant of his humanity. The Lizard is briefly paralyzed and Spider-Man injects him with the cure.Although the cure incapacitates the Lizard, it does not restore him to human form. Spider-Man webs him up and S.H.I.E.L.D. takes him to the Raft.Later, Spider-Man visits the Raft and finds Morbius, who asks if Sanjani is okay. However, Spider-Man does not answer. Spider-Man watches the Lizard, who is locked up in a special cell. As Spider-Man leaves, the Lizard reveals that the cure restored Connors' mind. However, he decides not to tell Spider-Man, feeling he deserves to be in prison for all the pain he has caused.At Horizon, Modell, Bella and Grady are back to normal. The Horizon team ponders on Peter's absence while Modell also states that Tiberius Stone is missing. Modell asks Hector Baez to conduct a private investigation. Someone has ransacked his office. Although Baez believes it could have been one of the mutated lizards, Modell replies that something valuable was stolen and they need to find out who took it.Meanwhile at Shadowland, Tiberius finishes his construction of the new spider jammers. The Kingpin decides to install several models across Shadowland and all his locations across the city. However, the Hobgoblin is not pleased that Tiberius is gaining the Kingpin's favor.All this is watched by Julia Carpenter, who then has a vision of another being connected to the web of life.In Delvadia, a man known as Devil Spider kills a group of drug smugglers. Suddenly, one of Devil Spider's henchmen tells him that the Hobgoblin is active on New York. Devil Spider says that the timing is not right, but the henchman says that the new Hobgoblin is not his brother, Daniel Kingsley, who has been dead for some time. Devil Spider unmasks himself, he is Roderick Kinglsey, and he will take vengeance on the new Hobgoblin.For the moment, this is the story of Andy Maguire.He was just a normal boy. His parents did not exactly put much attention to him. He was too shy to talk to the girl he had a crush on. He wasn't Peter Parker. He wasn't a nerd, a jock, a band geek, a poser or a stoner. He was just there. But all that would change.Andy's class had been invited to Horizon Labs to witness Peter's new invention: a device that will generate Parker Particles, a hyper-kinetic form of energy tied into the forces of universal expansion itself. This type of energy would be a clean, affordable, near-limitless power.As Modell and Tiberius Stone operate the machine from afar, Tiberius asks about Modell's private think tank. Since Dr. Morbius is gone, there is an opening for a spot and he wants to apply. Modell is currently reviewing a whole group of candidates and says that he will consider Tiberius once the next spot opens.Tiberius neglects to activate the device's safeties, causing the machine to malfunction. Using his agility, Peter takes the students to safety. However, Chrissy Chen, the girl Andy has a crush on, is left behind. Andy gets her to safety, but is hit by one of the machine's beams. The wrecked machines is about to fall on Andy and Chrissy, but Andy unleashes an energy beam that destroys the machine, saving Chrissy.Later, Peter, Modell and Hector Baez discuss Andy's newfound powers with Andy's parents. Although Andy's parents are concerned, Modell replies that the superhuman specialists are investigating Andy. Iron Man, Mr. Fantastic, Hank Pym and Beast put Andy's powers to the test, showing that he can manipulate his new energy and manifest as standard superhero powers, such as super-strength, super-speed, force field generation and flight. However, there is one limitation: he can only use one power at once.According to Reed, Andy's power will grow indefinitely, much like the universe itself. Hulk, Sentry and the Phoenix are omega-level threats, but Andy is the first known alpha-level threat. Reed even says that he discovered the Parker Particles before he did. Since it was through Peter that Andy gained his powers, he must train and keep a watch on him, as Reed believes Hank Pym's school would be inappropriate.Later, Reed and Modell agree that Andy wil be Alpha, a spokesman for Horizon Labs and superhero-in-training, much to Andy's excitement. Peter will also be responsible to develop Alpha's gear.Alpha then becomes an instant celebrity. Even at school, he shows off his powers while Spider-Man watches him from afar.Later, Peter and Mary Jane share a meal with Aunt May and Jay Jameson. They talk about Peter's job and Mary Jane's nightclub. As they leave, Peter and Jay have a private conversation. Jay tells Peter that May is concerned about him, since he didn't call after Doctor Octopus's attack. Peter claims he has been busy and Jay replies that while everyone is busy, he must also be responsible.After Jay and May have left, Peter talks with Mary Jane about Andy, saying that he is using his powers irresponsibly. Mary Jane believes Peter can't stand Andy because he is doing everything Peter wanted back when he was on high school.Meanwhile, Andy is making out with Chrissy, who also shows him the new Alpha fan website she created. Upset by some bad comments in the website, Alpha goes out on patrol to prove he can be a hero.Spider-Man encounters Alpha in a bridge and tells him he was designated to be his handler in the superhero community. He tells Alpha that he must learn to use his powers responsibly. As Spider-Man teaches Alpha the basics of being a superhero, the two begin to bond. However, Spider-Man receives a call from the Fantastic Four and goes to address the emergency, telling Alpha to stay put.Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four battle a gigantic creature summoned by Mole Man. Then, Alpha shows up and knocks out the creature with a single blow, even using the Thing's catchphrase. As Alpha hogs the spotlight with the media, the Thing is upset that Alpha stole his catchphrase. Meanwhile, Reed is upset that Spider-Man revealed Alpha's full extent of his powers to him. Spider-Man is dismayed to learn that he has created a monster.Meanwhile on an undisclosed location, Jackal watches Alpha from afar. Interested in the Parker Particles, Jackal prepares to pay Alpha a visit.To be continued...As the Fantastic Four clean up after the battle with Mole Man's creature, Mr. Fantastic reminds Spider-Man of his duties as Alpha's mentor.Peter returns to Mary Jane's nightclub. As they talk, Peter says Alpha reminds him of him when he was younger, only if he hadn't lost Uncle Ben. Mary Jane tells Peter that he is what he is not because of Uncle Ben's death, but because of his life. However, Peter says that if Uncle Ben hadn't died, he wouldn't have to worry about everyone else. Suddenly, Peter realizes the selfishness behind his words and leaves.Meanwhile, Chrissy visits Andy's house. However, she finds him making out with Paula Lake, a cheerleader from their school. Feeling betrayed, Chrissy storms out of the house. Then, Dr. Miles Warren visits the house with his daughter, saying that she is a fan of Alpha. The daughter is revealed to be a Spider Queen, who quickly subdues Alpha and his family. Warren and the Spider Queen quickly take them prisoner.Spider-Man quickly checks the house for any traces of the culprit and finds webs all over the place.Later, May and Jay visit Horizon Labs, finding Dr. Modell arguing with Gloria Grant about Alpha's kidnapping. Peter decides to take the blame, since it was his machine that granted Alpha his powers. Although May and Jay are unsure, Peter decides that Alpha is his responsibility. He and Modell agree to build a device that can track Alpha's energy signature. As they construct the device, Peter admits to Modell that he is considering the possibility of leaving Horizon Labs beacuse of all the trouble he has caused and his connection with Spider-Man. However, Modell convinces him otherwise; saying that if it wasn't for Peter's relationship with Spider-Man, Horizon could have never helped Spider-Man defeat Doctor Octopus.With the device finished, Spider-Man tracks Alpha down to an abandoned Brooklyn school. As he enters, Spider-Man is ambushed by Spider Queens, who paralyze him with their stingers. They bring him to Jackal, who has captured Alpha with a device outfitted with carbonadium shackles and a white sound helmet. Jackal is impressed by Alpha's creation at Spider-Man's hands, even though it was an accident. Spider-Man quickly attacks Jackal, as the Spider Queens' stingers are based on spider biology and therefore, unable to harm him. Spider-Man quickly attacks Jackal, but suddenly realizes that Jackal is just a clone. The real Jackal activates Alpha's device, creating a new batch of Alpha clones. His plan is for the Alpha clones to mate with his Spider Queens and repopulate Earth with his own perfect race.Fortunately, the Alpha clones are unable to replicate Alpha's powers, as the Alpha energy did not alter Andy's DNA. Furious, Jackal orders the Spider Queens to eat the hostages while he sets the device to kill Alpha, deciding to harvest the Alpha energy from Alpha's corpse.Spider-Man tries to Alpha to defeat the clones for the sake of his family and friends. Although Alpha frees himself of the device and defeats the Spider Queens, he doesn't do it because of his loved ones; he does it because he doesn't want to lose his powers, believing them to be the one thing that makes him special. Jackal pushes a button that disintegrates his remaining clones and escapes.After the battle, Andy's parents believe that Andy should stop being a superhero, seeing all the danger a superhero must endure. However, Andy wants to continue being a superhero and consults Joan Harper, his lawyer.Later, Andy moves into a private penthouse in Manhattan and is now in control of his fortune. Invisible Woman, the Human Torch and the Thing are worried by Alpha's actions, but Mr. Fantastic reminds them that Alpha is Spider-Man's responsibility.Later, Mary Jane visits Peter at Horizon Labs and finds him checking on data he gathered from tests he made on Alpha. He tricked him by telling him that if he continues being his sidekick, he has a chance to join the Avengers. Peter's real intention is to find a way to revoke Alpha's powers.To be continued...Alpha has been enjoying his fame, ignoring his family's calls. His high school friends have even begun to ignore him. Peter tries to call Alpha, who is currently at Japan. Peter says that Alpha was supposed to check in at Horizon Labs on a weekly basis, but Alpha forgot.Peter is worried that in his attempts to remove Alpha's powers, he has completely neglected his personal life and his superhero duties. Peter puts on his Spider-Man uniform so that he can go to the airport and say goodbye to Aunt May and her husband Jay, who are returning to Boston. On the way to the airport, however, he stumbles upon the Avengers. Iron Man says that they need every Avenger they can spare. A new threat, Terminus, has arrived.Captain America tells Spider-Man to call Alpha for assistance, and Spider-Man reluctantly does so. Excited by the opportunity to impress the Avengers, Alpha travels from Tokyo to New York, using super-speed and flight and the same time. Apparently, he has overcame his limitation of only using one ability at the time.As Alpha and Terminus come to blows, Alpha unleashes an energy blast, but Terminus quickly deflects it with his lance. The deflected blast shuts down every commercial aircraft within a ten-mile radius. Knowing that May and Jay's plane is within the blast's radius, Spider-Man asks Captain Marvel to slingshot him to the plane with one of his weblines.Entering the plane, Spider-Man uses his remaining web to seal the hole he made to enter. Therefore, he can no longer made webchutes or cushions to land the plane safely. He goes to the cockpit and restars all the plane's systems.Meanwhile, Alpha continues to fight Terminus while the remaining Avengers help the civillians.As Terminus' ships surround the plane, the plane's systems go offline again. Using his spider-sense, Spider-Man prepares to land the plane on his own. May tries to call Peter on her cellphone, but Spider-Man programmed his earpiece to always pick up May's calls. To protect his identity, Spider-Man asks May to shut her phone down.Although Jay manages to bring the plane to a nearby runway, the plane's landing gear begins failing. Spider-Man brings down the landing gear on his own, and the plane lands safely. In a rare moment of gratittude, Mayor Jameson thanks Spider-Man for saving Jay and May. When he asks who is responsible for this, Spider-Man replies that it was a teenage menace. And it will be stopped.Terminus has been defeated but Alpha has taken his leave again. The Avengers decide to lock him up at the Negative Zone, but Spider-Man decides to take his energy lance so he can study it.The next day, Alpha checks in at Horizon Labs. Spider-Man decides to do the tests himself, saying that Peter was unavailable. Spider-Man removes some of Alpha's powers, saying that although he cannot remove Alpha's powers entirely, he can at least drain most of Alpha's energy. He says that what happened yesterday was a test, and he failed. He put civillian lives in danger. Spider-Man tells Andy that he will return to his parents and he will be attending high school once more. His powers are still growing, and maybe, he can be a hero again, just not as Alpha.Later, Aunt May has been sent to the hospital, due to an injured leg. According to the doctor, May will be able to walk with a cane, but she will never regain full use of her leg. Peter promises her never to abandon her, no matter the cost.Meanwhile, Roderick Kingsley has returned to New York.Hobgoblin and his Hand ninjas attack a tattoo shop for making Norman Osborn tattoos. He also obtains a briefcase the Kingpin is interested in. Then, Spider-Man arrives at the scene. Hobgoblin tries to use his Goblin laugh on him, but Spider-Man has invented earplugs that block harmful frequencies.From afar, Tiberius Stone activates his spider jammer, causing Spider-Man's spider sense to increase. This allows Spider-Man to avoid Hobgoblin's attacks more easily and take the briefcase. Hobgoblin orders the ninjas to attack Spider-Man while he takes Stone and escapes. During their escape, Spider-Man spots Stone.Meanwhile, Roderick Kingsley watches the altercation from afar.Later, Julia Carpenter, the new Madame Web, watches the web of life and becomes aware of a coming end. She has decided to send her daughter Rachel to her grandparents in Colorado, in case something happens to her. Julia realizes that end she saw is hers.Peter takes the briefcase to his vault on Horizon Labs. He goes to consult Modell on what to do with the case, but Modell is having a conversation with Sally Floyd, who has just learned that Peter is Spider-Man's tech supplier. She intends to publish that news. Peter goes to the Daily Bugle and talks with Robbie Robertson, hoping that he could get the article shut down. Robertson tells Peter that it can't be done, in fact, the article could be good for Peter and Horizon's reputations.Peter also meets up with Phil Urich and Norah Winters, who are still working on the Bugle. In that moment, Peter's spider-sense begins going off.Meanwhile at Shadowland, Stone, under Kingpin's threats, works to improve his spider jammer.Julia bids her daughter goodbye at the bus terminal, and as soon as her daughter's bus departs, she calls 911 to report someone in need of medical attention: her.Peter's spider sense begins to overwhelm and disorient him, at the same time, Julia's visions of the future, making her see everything and everyone at one. She tries to send Peter a vision in front of everyone in the Bugle's office. Trying to protect his identity, Peter goes outside.Meanwhile, Phil Urich recieves a call from the Kingpin, saying that he must capture Spider-Man.In the streets, Peter tries to calm himself, but suddenly, a gas bomb knocks him out. Suddenly, the Hobgoblin, aware of his identity, kidnaps him.To be continued...After having a shocking vision of the future, Julia Carpenter collapses on the subway station. Suddenly, the paramedics arrive to take her to the hospital.Meanwhile, Peter has been taken to Shadowland, and the Hobgoblin introduces him to the Kingpin as "Spider-Man's best friend." The Hobgoblin tells the Kingpin that Peter works at Horizon Labs and he is also Spider-Man's tech supplier. Therefore, their plan is to use him as a hostage so that Spider-Man delivers the package he took from them.Peter realizes that the package Kingpin is talking about is the mysterious briefcase he took last night. He also discovers that Tiberius Stone, his co-worker from Horizon, is working for them. Tiberius stole plans for a special jammer that disrupts Peter's spider-sense.The Kingpin interrogates Peter, demanding that he call Spider-Man. Peter says that the jammer has accelerated Spider-Man's spider-sense, making him aware to the tiniest threat. Therefore, Peter's signal can't get through, so the Kingpin will have to turn the jammer off, but the Kingpin refuses. The Hobgoblin says that he can record a hostage video with his drone.Meanwhile, Roderick Kingsley goes to Phil Urich's apartment and goes through his stuff. He finds Phil's Hobgoblin gear and pictures of Norah Winters. He deduces Phil has been using the bat-drone to spy Norah. Then, Roderick puts on the Hobgoblin suit.At Horizon, Modell gets the hostage video and decides to help Peter. Going to Peter's office, he opens Peter's closet with his "all access" key. Amazed by the amount of gear Peter has prepared for Spider-Man, Modell obtains the briefcase.Julia has been taken to the Columbia University Medical Center. There, the doctors cannot identify her, as the skin in her fingerprints has been sanded a long time ago. Also, she used an untraceable cellphone to call for an ambulance. According to witnesses, Julia's words before collapsing were "His future will end in a flash of gold."Meanwhile, the last Octobot returns to New York.Modell arrives at Shadowland to deliver the briefcase. Knowing that Modell is in danger, Peter slowly unties his restraints. One of the Hand ninjas opens the case and gets killed, as the briefcase was booby-trapped. The briefcase contains the Goblin Key, which will allow its wielder to obtain access to all the assets Norman Osborn obtains as head of national security.In that moment, Kingsley attacks Shadowland, wanting the key. Revealing his identity to Phil, Kingsley says that the man Phil killed to become the Hobgoblin was his brother. However, he doesn't mind that. He is angry because someone stole his brand. The two Hobgoblins begin to fight.Modell tries to help Peter, saying that while he did not bring the police or the Avengers, he brought Spider-Man's web-shooters. Saying that he practiced with them during the testing phase, Peter puts the web-shooters on. While the Hobgoblins fight, Peter shoots a web on one of their gliders, causing both to fall to the ground and break the jammer. Modell also spots Tiberius.With his spider-sense restored, Peter takes the key and gives it to Max. The two make their escape while Phil and Kingsley agree to a temporary truce so they can recover the key.To be continued...Peter desperately spins webs to protect him and Max Modell from the Goblins' onslaught. The goblin key beeps louder signalling that a goblin hideout is near them. A stray Goblin-rang goes off and is about to hit Max when it suddenly just pings off the air around him. Max has a mini force field generator around his waist powered by his cell phone battery. Phil Urich decides to wrestly Kingsley again for bombs and they fight while Peter and Max rush into a hideout. Nora Winters is still threatened by a strategically aimed Goblin Rocket Bomb.The Goblins catch up to Peter and Max but they have barricaded themselves in. Once they enter, Peter and Max see a hologram of Norman Osborn informing them of the self destruct sequence that will go off in 60 seconds. The scene cuts to Seattle. Harry Osborn is sitting on a bench while Stanley, his son, plays on the play ground. Harry is now bald and has grown a beard. Peter asks Harry for the password and Harry tells him that it's "Stromm", Norman Osborn's first business partner. Peter's signal is lost and Harry leaves, having to move again because he has made contact with his old life again. The self-destruct deactivates and Peter examines the room. He finds a bunch of Spidey costumes with Goblin-rangs on them. The Goblins are punching down the door but Phil says it's taking too long. Phil then threatens to kill Norah Winters and Kingsley suddenly sees potential in Phil.Peter says he'll pretend to be Spidey while Max escapes. The Spider-jammer is suddenly going full throttle again and Peter is hit with a wall of pain. He passes it off as a migraine and prepares to go out in Goblin gear designed to look Spidery. Max finds a back door escape hatch and activates it. Peter remembers his training and blocks out the pain. He leaves and proceeds to fight the Goblins while Max escapes. The Golden Octobot is seen on a police car near the battle. Kingsley finally activates the bomb targeted at Norah during the battle. However, at that moment, Max runs to Norah and knocks down. The bomb explodes but they are both okay thanks to Max's force-field.Peter learns via call from Max that Norah is safe and then web-swings away. Kingsley zaps Phil and takes him hostage under a harbor. Kingsley offers to let Phil continue his going-ons as the Hobgoblin but he now demands a huge cut. Next, the Kingpin is visibly displeased at Tiberius Stone's failure and a Hand Ninja informs him that he has men everywhere where Stone might run to. Meanwhile, Stone receives a text from Max saying, "You're Fired." Max's phone battery dies out as Spider-Man webs in to check on them. Max says he's glad that Peter and Spider-Man are both safe, indicating his possible suspicion on who Spidey is. At the Columbia University Medical Center, Norman Osborn disappears from his room, apparently out of his coma. Kingsley returns to a place in Paris and tells his butler to inform his fellow outlaws that his new business is super-villains. He says, "and business is good." while holding a Unicorn costume.To be continued...At the Raft, an alarm goes off and guards rushed off through the prison. They check every prisoner and it turns out to be Otto Octavius who set off the alarm. He's suddenly showing signs of activity and weakly asks for Peter Parker. And miles away in the city the golden Octobot repeats Octavius' command of Peter Parker.In the city, Spider-Man is swinging around thinking about he knows today will be the best day of his life. He goes over his powers and stops a villain trying to rob a store. As it turns out, the villain was just all bark and no bite and fell down after one punch. He swings back home and listens to messages on his phone. One is Mary Jane's message and Peter wonders why he and she aren't together when they have so much history together. Next message is Jay asking Peter to visit his Aunt who is still in the hospital because of Alpha's chaos. And the last message is Max Modell asking for Peter to come in for work evaluation. He goes to work and tells Max that he'll make a brand new invention that will blow all his previous inventions out of the water. He goes back to his lab and remakes his web fluid. He flashes back on when he first made the web fluid formula in high school. All this while Peter's narration is highly uncharacteristic of him.Peter goes to MJ's. He is dressed fashionably in a suit and walks up to Mary Jane. Peter wraps his arms around Mary Jane and tells her that he thinks they should be together. Mary Jane questions why Peter is asking her this now but suddenly remembers that she had planned on going to the hospital to visit Aunt May. She asks Peter to come with her. Peter turns and winks at several other ladies in the club.When they reach the hospital, Sha Shan, Flash's ex-wife, is Aunt May's physical therapist. She helps Aunt May walk with a cane. Peter asks Mary Jane about the talk but she tells him not now. At that moment, Peter's Avengers ID card beeps and he is informed that he is needed at the Raft. Peter makes an excuse that something urgent has come up at work. Jay is offended. He says that family is most important and severely disapproves of Peter's decision. Mary Jane backs Peter up. As Peter leaves, Jay is still indignant but Aunt May calms him. She seems to want Peter and Mary Jane to get back together.Peter, as Spider-Man, swings over to the Raft. He flashes his Avengers card and walks in with Captain America, Hawkeye, Spider-Woman, and Wolverine waiting for him. Captain America tells Spider-Man that Octavius is asking for Peter Parker. Wolverine offers to kill Octavius if he continues to mess with Spider-Man's head. Just as Spidey is about to go in, he asks if the cameras be turned off so he and Octavius can be alone. Octavius mutters "Peter Parker..." weakly. Spidey unmasks and tells Ock that he was indeed Spider-Man all along. However, Octavius denies this fact saying, "No, I'M Peter Parker" while shedding a tear. At this point, "Spidey" reveals everything. Octavius is in Spider-Man's body and has all his memories and his life. Through the whole issue, it was actually Octavius' mind in Spidey's body. Peter is trapped in Octavius' dying body while Octavius is in Peter's young and super-powered body. The monitor behind Octavius' body suddenly flatlines and the body in the bed faints."Spider-Man" calls for a medic and they rush to revive him. He goes outside and the Avengers ask him what happened in there. "Spidey" says all he did was pay his goodbyes. Captain America asks, "Spidey? Are you going to be all right?" Octavius in Spider-Man's body replies, "Honestly? I'm not going to spare it a second's thought. I've got better things to do with the rest of my life."To be continued...Peter Parker's, in Octavius' body, health is failing rapidly. Doctors come in and save him before he flat-lines with one female doctor spitting on him in contempt afterwards. Peter, still in the body, laments over his situation admitting he has nothing in his arsenal of plans to get out of this. He summarizes the position he's in, which is being underground in a highly contained prison surrounded by guards and super-villains. He thinks back to when Octavius, in Parker's body, reveals it was he would did all this to him. He thinks confusedly on how Octavius pulled this off. Peter then frantically worries about what Doc Ock might be doing with his body, such as robbing the bank, killing fellow Avengers, and ruining his personal life as Peter Parker.But then suddenly he gets an idea. If Doc Ock can take his body and, with the body, the memories, then why can't he do the same in Octavius' body? First, he goes back to when Octavius' father beat and then to the day the radiator overloaded and Doctor Octopus was born. Peter asks for a nice memory and gets a scene from before Aunt May and Octavius were about to get married and the former was starting to imply consensual pre-marital actions. Peter subsequently screams at the horror of his experience. He then finds what he was looking for. The answer to how Doctor Octopus pulled it all off. The helmet used to stop Doctor Octopus from taking over the city used way back in ASM #600 had his brain-wave patterns. But back then Reed Richards set loose an algorithm to terminate remaining brainwave patterns. He uses it again during Spider-Island to help distribute the cure by controlling many miniature Octo-Bots. Then in Ends of the Earth, he incorporated its design into his helmet with terrible results as Octavius, at that time, took over his armor. The stipulation was that each time he used that tech, he gave Octavius full access to his mind. The whole time Octavius was mapping out his brainwave patterns in preparation for his last-ditch attempt for survival. Octavius used his mind to control machinery in order to program a golden brain-swapping Octo-Bot. Octavius then made the golden Octo-Bot march all the way from Guatemala to Manhattan. When it finally reached Manhattan, Spider-Man had his Spider-Sense shut down by the likes of the Kingpin and Tiberius Stone during Danger Zone. When the bot came up behind him and zapped him, he didn't even feel it. The Octo-Bot re-wrote everything in the brain in Peter Parker's body with Doctor Octopus' and took Peter's into Ock's body. Straining against everything, Peter, still trapped in the dying body, reaches out to the golden Octo-Bot and finally gets it to move. The Lizard, sensing another presence he is able to talk to, tells Peter that the cure worked and that he is Curt Connors in Lizard's body. Peter is shocked by the news but wears it off to commandeer the Golden Octo-Bot. He searches through all of Doc Ock's memories to try and find an escape plan. He makes the Octo-Bot crawl into a workplace and plug into a computer to send out a video-message to super-villains promising six million dollars if they help him with "a plan". Here, the Octo-Bot dies.Peter is subject to waiting and he looks over all of his life and asks what he did wrong to deserve this. Just as one of his organs fail, Hydro-Man barges into the Raft and overtakes some of the doctors there. He sets up something the Trapster built and helps form a circular portal for the Scorpion and Trapster himself to go through. Meanwhile, in his cell, Peter hears the screams and explosions and regrets what he has done. The team of super-villains finally reach his cell and Trapster puts Peter (in Octavius' body) on a portable life-support system that he threw together. As it turns out, the plan Peter sent out requires two more people to make it a Sinister SIX. Peter says no to more people and some of the villains, including Alistair Smythe, there get desperate and beg them to free them. Morbius is joins in but is rejected. He is about to leave when suddenly he stops. He turns to ask the Lizard if he'd like to join them. Curt snorts and the Trapster calls him a "mindless beast". At this time, Peter is questioning his morals. He's brought super-villains into this and almost has freed the Lizard.The Trapster teleports them all to one of Octavius' hide-outs and then asks him for pay. But he reminds them that they have to capture Spider-Man alive and bring him before Octavius in order to find a way to switch the bodies back. However, Doc Ock's body only has 700 more minutes to live!To be continued....while Peter Parker in Octavius' body struggles to initiate a plan to get his body back, Octavius in Peter's body is having a date with Mary Jane in Peter's Tribeca apartment. Mary Jane asks if they are really going to start up their relationship again and Peter/Ock says yes. Mary Jane rips open Peter's shirt only to find his Spider-Man costume. Mary Jane pauses in dismay and Peter/Ock doesn't understand why she cannot take the fact that Peter is Spider-Man.Suddenly, a beeping sound ensues from the computer. "Peter" had set up something on his computer to notify whenever something pertaining to Doctor Octopus arose again. The Daily Bugle's website informs Peter/Ock of Ock/Peter's escape. Mary Jane ushers Peter to go fight Octavius saying she understands why he must. Peter/Ock goes to John F. Kennedy airport and requests a round-trip ticket to Belgium that will take him home tomorrow. The attendant informs him that he will be spending most of his time in the air and Peter/Ock says, "Yes. About fifteen hours. For some people, that's a lifetime."Back in Octavius' lair where the real Peter is trapped inside that body as Ock/Peter, Trapster revives him. Peter wakes up and realizes to his dismay that all that has transpired was not a dream. Trapster hooks him up to a mobile life support system with all of his mechanical arms. Peter then assists Trapster in inputting the right calculations into the rejuvenation machine. Peter gets shocked and Trapster, Hydroman, and Scorpion look on skeptically. Peter faints to the sound of Trapster calling out, "DOC!?"He suddenly wakes up in a type of dream heaven with all the people that have died around him in his own body. He first appears in his old glasses and sweatshirt garb. He looks around and realizes he's back in his old Forest Hills Ingram street residence. Tim Harrison, the kid who collects Spider-Man paraphernalia, bikes past him as he tries to figure out what exactly is going on. Peter suddenly is in a yellow jacket and green-ish jeans when he meets Aleksei and Oksana who tell him that there is only love here where he is. Peter wonders if he is in heaven when suddenly a voice tells him that this was not supposed to be his time yet. Peter turns and sees Silver Sable who tells him he has failed. She says that Peter should have let Octavius die. A hand pats Peter on the shoulder and reassures him. The voice tells him not to listen to Sable and says that if he had let Octavius die he wouldn't be Spider-Man. Peter turns around, now dressed in a black coat and jeans, and sees Captain George Stacy and Gwen Stacy. Peter immediately starts apologizing but Captain Stacy stops him and once again reassures him that he has never faltered from the right path. Gwen kisses him on the cheek and tells him that everything worked out in the end. Marla Jameson appears next and Peter apologizes for letting her die. She pushes the apology aside and says that she merely opened a door for him; that he had succeeded all on his own and she knows it. She gestures to two people beside her, Richard and Mary Parker. Peter, dressed in a Horizon lab coat, is delighted. Mary tells Peter of how they have always been watching him and Richard praises the boy. Another voice chimes in and tells him to stop in fear of spoiling the boy. Peter turns around to see his Uncle Ben.Peter turns to face him dressed in his Spider-Man costume unmasked. Uncle Ben says that Peter can't stay here and that he has to go. Peter is shocked. He wants to stay with Uncle Ben. He slows down and thinks it's all because of that one mistake that let his uncle die. He almost breaks down and tells his Uncle that he's been trying so hard all the time to live up to what his uncle taught him. Uncle Ben dissuades these fears and tells him that he has earned a rest, but he cannot rest now because he needs to wake back up. He can't give Peter his blessing to rest because he needs to go back to make sure that a man like Octavius will never be Spider-Man. He can't let Octavius destroy the life he's built. Peter puts on his mask and resolves to go back and face his enemy once more. Uncle Ben pats him on the head and says that he can rest after all this is over. That he can let someone ELSE be Spider-Man, but he has to get up one more time and fight. Uncle Ben's parting words are: "C'mon, Peter! GET UP!"Peter wakes up in Octavius' body to the sound of Trapster calling out "DOC?!". Hydro-Man suggests that Octavius lay down for a minute but Peter is hell-bent on going forward. He puts on a lab coat and prepares to go out full force to confront Peter/Ock. Peter has a crazy plan and his first step is to infiltrate a police station. Back at the Raft, Mayor Jameson is yelling at the guards demanding to know how many prisoners escaped. The guard says two: Octavius and Morbius. Jameson demands to see Smythe in order to make sure he is still incarcerated. He exits the Raft only to be mobbed by a crowd of reporters. He remarks on how they're all parasites to which Glory reminds him that he was once part of the media. Jameson tells the reporters that he's going to throw everything he's got at Octavius. Jameson is not afraid of Doctor Octopus because there doesn't seem to be one master plan that Octavius has swiftly pulled off and says that Octavius has only ever been one thing: a loser.Meanwhile, the broadcast is being aired conveniently at the airport Peter/Ock is at. The flight desk attendant calls Peter/Ock for final boarding as he hears Jameson call him a loser. He tells her that he's thinking about it. Across town at the 18th Precinct, Peter in Octavius' body is raiding the building and tells his "allies" not to harm any officers. He breaks into the storage locker and finds that the golden octo-bot is stored in there. Just then, Carlie Cooper comes in and threatens Octavius at gunpoint. Peter frantically tries to explain that it's him in Octavius' body but Carlie doesn't believe him. She asks him to tell her something that only Spidey and she would know. He tells her that only she and MJ know that he is Spider-Man and that Spider-Man is Peter Parker. Carlie closes her eyes and thinks. She then shoots still not believing Peter. The arms move automatically to block the shots and accidentally break Carlie's arm. Peter ties up her arm to stop the bleeding and then looks back again at what he's doing. He regrets at what lengths he's going to, and he thinks that he should stop. Carlie is seen to be fine on News6 as her arm is wrapped up. Another ways across town, "Spider-Man" lands in the windowsill of Jay and May's apartment. He pushes all of their suspicions as to why he is here by saying that the Scorpion is after all of Jameson's family while Octavius is after the Parker's family because of their connection to "him". Aunt May is worried about Peter but "Spidey" tells her and all of Peter's co-workers and friends, including Mary Jane, that Peter had flown out of New York based on his credit history. He gathers every one of Peter's co-workers, former and current, and his friends across the city and puts them all in the Avenger's tower for "safety". Peter in Octavius' body frantically works on the golden octo-bot when suddenly Spider-Man's image pops up all over the screens in front of him. "Spider-Man" assures that he has out-thought "Octavius" at every turn and has gathered everyone dear to "him" somewhere where "Octavius" will never find them. Octavius in Peter's body tries to activate the self-destruct for the base but Peter had already removed it. "Spider-Man" has another ace-in-the-hole as he has informed the police of "Octavius'" current whereabouts under the Staten Island garbage landfill. Peter is outraged that Octavius would drag normal people into a superpowered situation but "Spider-Man" merely bids him good luck and hangs up. Peter calls Scorpion and Hydro-Man to help defend the base and tells him them not to hurt them because they need them for questioning. While Scorpion and Hydro-Man duke it out outside, Peter finishes working on the golden octo-bot. Trapster figures out that the Octo-bot is used for switching brains. He yells but Peter uses the glue guns in his arms to stick Trapster down so he can't inform the others. Peter emerges in Octavius' submarine and Scorpion and Hydro-Man board. He tells them that Trapster had been captured and that they don't need him anyway. The armored cops find Trapster glued with a note sticking to him saying "Courtesy of your Friendly Neighborhood Doc Ock".Back to where all of Peter's colleagues and friends are, Jameson reassures them of "Peter's" escape and they thank him for it. He brushes off their compliments and says that he did it because they're all family and that he's finally realized how important family is. Underneath them all in the sewers, Peter in Octavius' body breaks him and his "allies" into Avengers Tower. His logic is that if Trapster can figure out that he was using a brain-swapping device then the likes of Iron Man and Beast can figure it out too. He is interrupted by Octavius in Spider-Man's body. He compliments Octavius on how clever "he" was to activate all of the hidden giant Octo-bots around the globe so that all the rest of the Avengers would be busy while "Spider-Man" himself stayed at the Tower to guard it. Peter has finally run out of reserve plans. He goes all out and in a last-ditch effort he commands Hydro-Man and Scorpion to simply attack Spidey. Scorpion asks if he can kill him and Peter finally gives and green-lights killing and condones whatever it takes. "Spider-Man" had augmented the building's defense system's from "Stun" to "Kill" in preparation so that he'd be able to have an easier fight. He then conveniently slips out the fact that he's been keeping Jameson and company in the Avenger's tower. Scorpion takes Hydro-Man and they both abandon Octavius to find Jameson."Spider-Man" chides himself and swings off to help "save" the people in the safe room. He bids Peter good luck in dodging the building's lasers without Spider-Sense. Hydro-Man finds all of Peter's colleagues but the Horizon gang siphon him off into a a tank and Max contains Hydro-Mans "soul molecule". Scorpion breaks through the wall and threatens Jameson's family but Jameson tries to protect them. However, Gargan doesn't care and muses over attacking Jay's wife, May Parker-Jameson. "Spider-Man" swings in kicks him in the face when suddenly he gets s flashback of Aunt May telling a younger high-school version of Peter that she loves him. He quickly comes back and dodges Scorpion's tail. He lashes out screaming "ENOUGH" and socks Scorpion's jaw clean off. Jameson congratulates Spider-Man when suddenly Peter in Octavius' body conveniently has escaped all the lasers. He says that if Gargan dies that he'll never forgive Octavius. He tightens his grip on "Spider-Man" when suddenly "Spidey" shoots out impact webbing and hits several of Peter's friends in the back. Peter is slightly distracted but determined to do whatever it takes now to finish off Octavius. He pushes them through a window and the fall before them is an enormous height down. "Spider-Man" spins a web-cushion to lighten the fall. While both of them are stunned on the ground, Peter takes control of the golden octo-bot and tells Octavius that he wins either way because he can never be Spider-Man again after switching minds because in doing so he would directly kill someone. However, Octavius has built a carbonadium head plating to shield the bot's tendrils and Peter cannot make the switch when the Octo-bot reaches "Peter's" neck. "Spider-Man" stands up and gives "Octavius'" face an almighty punch and Peter in Octavius' body collapses while Octavius raises a taxi to crush him. Suddenly they both experience a memory about Uncle Ben and Peter realizes that even though a direct connection was not made there still was a connection present and while their whole minds weren't transferred his memories were still conveyed and they both can experience it due to the mutual link. Peter makes Octavius live through and feel the things he's felt, the lessons he's learned, the losses he's experienced, the grief he's felt, the good in people he's seen, and how far he's come. Octavius asks Peter if he would do this all over again and Peter says yes. Peter says it's because it's who he--they are. Everybody gathers outside and see Spider-Man holding Octavius' dying body. Octavius tells Peter that he doesn't want this but Peter says it's too late. He has to be Spider-Man now. Octavius asks how he can do this and Peter tells him, "Because you have to. Because...with great power..." Octavius interrupts and says, "...Must come great responsibility. I understand." Peter says that Ock better understand it because he's Spider-Man now. Mary Jane calls out to "Spidey" to be careful and Peter realizes everybody related to him or has been his friend is there. He asks to see them one more time. He makes Octavius promises to protect them all. Octavius promises and Peter dies in his arms. Octavius in Peter's body looks into the horizon. He swears to be Spider-Man from now on in his head. A better Spider-Man than Peter ever was.A SUPERIOR SPIDER-MANThe End.